 Cambridge English IELTS 10, published by Cambridge University Press and Cambridge English Language Assessment 2015. This recording is copyright. CD1 Test 1 You will hear a number of different recordings and you will have to answer questions on what you hear. There will be time for you to read the instructions and questions and you will have a chance to check your work. All the recordings will be played once only. The test is in four sections. At the end of the test you will be given ten minutes to transfer your answers to an answer sheet. Now turn to section 1. Section 1 You will hear a telephone conversation between a travel agent and a customer. First you have some time to look at questions 1 to 6. Section 2 Section 2 Section 2 Section 2 You will see that there is an example that has been done for you. On this occasion only the conversation relating to this will be played first. Good morning world tours. My name is Jamie. How can I help you? Good morning. I want some information on self-drive tours in the USA. Could you send me a brochure? Of course. Could I have your name please? Andrea Brown The customer's name is Andrea Brown. So, Brown has been written in the space. Now we shall begin. You should answer the questions as you listen because you will not hear the recording a second time. Listen carefully and answer questions 1 to 6. Good morning world tours. My name is Jamie. How can I help you? Good morning. I want some information on self-drive tours in the USA. Could you send me a brochure? Of course. Could I have your name please? Andrea Brown Thank you. And your address? 24. Adley Road Can you spell that? R-D-L-E-I-G-H Road Postcode? B-H-5-O-P Thanks. And can I have your phone number? Is a mobile alright? Fine. It's O-Double-Seven-Eight-Six-64-3-091 Thank you. And can I ask you where you heard about world tours from a friend or did you see an advert somewhere? No, I read about you in the newspaper. OK, I'll get the brochures in the post to you but can I give you some information over the phone? What kinds of things do you want to do on your holiday? I'm interested in going to California with my family. I've got two children and we want to hire a car. OK, we have a couple of self-drive tours there visiting different places of interest in California. The first one begins in Los Angeles and there's plenty of time to visit some of the theme parks there. Oh, that's something on my children's list so I'd want to include that. Good. Then you drive to San Francisco. From San Francisco you can drive to Yosemite Park where you spend a couple of nights. You can choose to stay in a lodge or on the campsite. I don't like the idea of staying in a tent. It'd be too hot. Right. And the tour ends in Las Vegas. OK. The other trip we can arrange is slightly different. It starts in San Francisco. Then you drive south to Cambria. Someone told me there's a really nice castle near Cambria. Will we go near that? A first castle is on that road so you could stop there. Good. I'd like to do that. Does this trip also go into the desert? No, it continues to send a moniker where most people like to stop and do some shopping. We have enough of that at home so that doesn't interest us. OK. Well, you could go straight on to San Diego. That's good for beaches, isn't it? That's right. That's a good place to relax and your children might like to visit the zoo before flying home. I don't think so. We want some time for sunbathing and swimming. Before you hear the rest of the conversation, you have some time to look at questions 7 to 10. Now listen and answer questions 7 to 10. So how many days are the trips and how much do they cost? The first one I told you about is a self-drive tour through California which lasts 12 days and covers 2020 kilometres. The shortest journey is 206 kilometres and the longest is 632 kilometres. The cost is £525 per person. That includes accommodation, car rental and a flight but no meals. OK. And the other trip? That lasts 9 days but you spend only 3 days on the road. You cover about 980 kilometres altogether. So is that cheaper then? Yes, it's almost £100 cheaper. It's £429 per person which is a good deal. So that covers accommodation and car hire. What about flights? They aren't included but these hotels offer dinner in the price. OK. Well thank you very much. I'll be in touch when I've had a chance to look at the brochure. I'm pleased to help. Goodbye. Now turn to section 2. Thank you.