 you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you on these data point imaginable from people's location to what they type and copy who they talk to biometric data and more. Even if they've never been on TikTok, your trackers are embedded in sites across the web. TikTok surveils us all and the Chinese Communist Party is able to use this as a tool to manipulate America as a whole. We do not trust TikTok will ever embrace American values. Values for freedom, human rights and innovation. TikTok has repeatedly chosen the path for more control, more surveillance and more manipulation. Your platform should be banned. I expect today you'll say anything to avoid this outcome, like your 100% responsible for what TikTok does. You suddenly endorse a national data privacy standard. That project Texas is more than a marketing scheme. That TikTok doesn't harm our innocent children. Or that your ties to the Chinese Communist Party through bite dance is just a myth. We aren't buying it. In fact, when you celebrate the 150 million American users on TikTok, it emphasizes the urgency for Congress to act. That is 150 million Americans that CCP can collect sensitive information on and control what we ultimately see, hear and believe. TikTok has repeatedly been caught in the lie that it does not answer to the CCP through bite dance. Today, the CCP's laws require Chinese companies like bite dance to spy on their behalf. That means any Chinese company must grant the CCP access and manipulation capabilities as a design feature. Right now, bite dance is under investigation by the DOJ for surveilling American journalists, both digital activity and physical movements through TikTok. We also know that many of your employees still report directly to Beijing. Internal recordings reveal there is a backdoor for China to access the user data across the platform. Your employees said, quote, everything is seen in China. A gateway to spy is not the only way TikTok and bite dance can do the bidding of the CCP. TikTok has helped erase events and people. China wants the world to forget. It is even censored an American teenager who exposed CCP's genocide in torture of wager Muslims. The facts show that bite dance is beholden to the CCP. And bite dance and TikTok are one and the same. TikTok also targets our children. The 4U algorithm is a tool for TikTok to own their attention and pray on their innocence. Within minutes of creating an account your algorithm can promote suicide, self harm, and eating disorders to children. It encourages challenges for them to put their lives in danger and allows adults to pray on our beautiful beloved daughters. It is also a portal for drug dealers to sell a illicit fentanyl that China has banned yet is helping Mexican cartels produce. It is a tool for drug dealers to send across our border and poison our children. In China, the CCP proactively prohibits this type of TikTok content that promotes death and despair to kids. From the data it collects to the content it controls, TikTok is a grave threat of foreign influence in American life. It is a tool for the Soviet Union to produce Saturday morning cartoons during the Cold War. But much more powerful and much more dangerous. Bending your platform will address the immediate threats. Make no mistake, this committee is also looking to the future. Americans need to be prepared to stop the next technological tool or weapon China will use for its own strategic gain. We must provide the strongest protections possible for our children. That is why this committee is leading on a national privacy and data security standard. It restricts sensitive American data from reaching our adversaries to begin with. It is a tool for the human rights and data brokers to collect processed store and sell. It makes it illegal for any platform to track and target children under 17. The committee has requested that TikTok appear before us for a long time. For those we serve, we are glad the day has finally come. Today the world is watching. The Chinese Communist Party is watching. But the answers you owe are to the American people. A free people who cherish their god given unalienable rights to life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness for all. They deserve the truth. Complete honesty is the standard and the law you are being held to before this committee. We seek to get answers and a full understanding of what happens at TikTok under your watch. Chair now recognizes the ranking member Mr. Ploen for five minutes. Thank you Madam Chair. Let me say that I agree with much of what you just said. I certainly appreciate your enthusiasm and your commenting on being a mother and concerned about children. I am glad we are having this hearing today. Big Tech has transformed the information superhighway into a super spreader of harmful content, invasive surveillance practices and addictive and damaging design features. Data is big tech's most valuable commodity. By collecting far more user data than they need, big tech platforms can use share and sell information to generate billions of dollars in revenue. The American people are powerless to stop this invasion of their privacy and we can't wait any longer to pay us comprehensive national privacy legislation that puts people back in control of their data. We must hold big tech accountable for its actions and transparency is critical to that accountability. In the pay us several congresses, this committee has served from senior executives of other social media platforms about troubling and repeated instances where they put profits over people. Today we intend to bring more transparency to Tiktok, which is controlled by its Beijing Communist-based parent company, Bright Dance. And while Tiktok videos provide a new fun way for people to express their creativity and enjoy the videos of others, the platform also threatens the health privacy and security of the American people. I'm not convinced that the benefits outweigh the risk that it poses to Americans in its present form. More than 130 million people in the United States use Tiktok every month, including 2 thirds of American teenagers. Tiktok collects and compiles vast troves of valuable personal information to create an addictive algorithm that is able to predict with uncanny accuracy which videos will keep users scrolling, even if the content is harmful, inaccurate, or fees destructive, behavior, or extremist beliefs. Now the combination of Tiktok's Beijing Communist-based China ownership and its popularity exacerbates its danger to our country and to our privacy. The Chinese Communist government can compel companies based in Beijing like Tiktok to share data with the Communist government through existing Beijing law or coercion. National security experts were sounding the alarm warning that the Chinese Communist government could require Tiktok to compromise device security, maliciously access American user data, promote pro-communist propaganda, and undermine American interests. Dense information campaigns could be launched by the Chinese Communist government through Tiktok, which has already become rife with misinformation and disinformation, illegal activities, and hate speech. A recent report found that 20% of Tiktok's search results on prominent news topics contain misinformation. Social media's profitability depends on growth and engagement, more eyes on their content for longer time leads to more advertising dollars and revenue generation. Addictive algorithms are fine-tuned to optimize growth and engagement without necessarily taking into account potential harms to users. Children and teens are particularly vulnerable. Frequent online use of interactive media on digital devices is associated with increased levels of depression among middle and high school students. Research has found that Tiktok's addictive algorithms recommend videos to teens that create and exacerbate feelings of emotional distress, including videos promoting suicide, self-harm, and eating disorders. Public outrage and hollow apologies alone are not going to rain in big tech. Congress has to enact laws protecting the American public from such online harms. And we simply cannot wait any longer to pass the comprehensive privacy legislation that I authored with then-ranking member, now chair Rodgers, last Congress, that overwhelmingly advanced out of the committee, it ensures that companies wherever they live, it ensures I should say that consumers wherever they live in this country will have meaningful control over their personal information. Our legislation establishes baseline data minimization requirements ensuring that companies only collect process and transfer data necessary to provide a service, and it provides heightened privacy protections for children and teenagers. So I think it's time to make this legislation the law of the land. And we also have to examine the reforms needed to section 230 of the Communications Decency Act. The liability shield for social media platforms has for too long been abused and led to a lack of accountability for social media platforms. So I hope we can find a bipartisan path forward on that issue too, and I think you're having a hearing next week on it. So we can stop the very real harms to our country and democracy under the current law. I look forward to the discussion today as we continue to bring accountability to big tech. And let me say to Mr. Chu, I know this is about TikTok, but I am focusing all my attention, not only on TikTok, but on these concerns, why concerns about social media? And the protection of privacy. And with that I yield back. Thank you again, Madam Chair for having this very important hearing. Our witness today is Mr. Chu. She's an executive officer of TikTok. You recognize for five minutes. Thank you. Chair Rogers, ranking member Pallon, members of the committee. Thank you for your time. I am Chu, and I'm from Singapore. That's why I was born as one of my parents. And after serving in Singapore's military, I moved to the UK to attend college, and then here to the US to attend business school. I actually met my wife here. By the way, she was just born a few miles away from here in Virginia. Two years ago, I became the CEO of TikTok. Today, we have more than a billion monthly active users around the world, including over 150 million in the United States. Our app is a place where people can be creative and curious, and we're close to five million American businesses, mostly small businesses, go to find new customers and to fuel their growth. Now, as TikTok has grown, we've tried to learn the lessons of companies that have come before us, especially when it comes to the safety of teenagers. While their vast majority of people on TikTok are over 18, and one of our fastest growing demographics are people over 35. We spent a lot of time adopting measures to protect teenagers. Many of those measures are first for the social media industry. We forbid direct messaging for people under 16, and we have a 16-minute watch time by default for those under 18. We have a suite of family-parent tools so that parents can participate in their teen's experience and make the choices they are right for their family. We want TikTok to be a place where teenagers can come to learn, which is why we recently launched a feed that exclusively features educational videos about STEM. STEM videos already have over 116 billion views on TikTok, and I think TikTok is inspiring a new generation to discover a passion for math and science. Now, we would also like to talk about national security concerns that you have raised, that we take very, very seriously. Let me start by addressing a few misconceptions about bite dance, of which we are a subsidiary. Bite dance is not owned or controlled by the Chinese government. It's a private company. 60% of the company is owned by global institutional investors, 20% is owned by the founder, and 20% owned by employees around the world. Bite dance has five board members, three of them are American. Now TikTok itself is not available in mainland China, where headquarters in Los Angeles and in Singapore, and we have 7,000 employees in the US today. Still, we have heard important concerns about the potential for unwanted foreign access to US data and potential manipulation of the TikTok US ecosystem. Our approach has never been to dismiss or trivialize any of these concerns. We have addressed them with real action. Now, that's what we've been doing for the last two years, building what amounts to a firewall that seals off protected US user data from unauthorized foreign access. The bottom line is this, American data stored on American soil by an American company overseen by American personnel. We call this initiative project taxes, that's why Oracle is headquartered. Today, US TikTok data is stored by default in Oracle service, only vetted personnel operating in a new company called TikTok US data security can control access to this data. Now, additionally, we have plans for this company to report to an independent American board with strong security credentials. Now, there's still some work to do. We have legacy US data sitting in our service in Virginia and in Singapore. We're deleting those and we expect that to be complete this year. When that is done, all protected US data will be under the protection of US law and under the control of the US led security team. This eliminates the concern that some of you have shared with me that TikTok user data can be subject to Chinese law. This goes further, by the way, than what any other company in our industry have done. We will also provide unprecedented transparency and security for the source code for the TikTok app and recommendation engine. Third party validators like Oracle and others will review and validate our source code and algorithms. This will help ensure the integrity of the code that powers what Americans see on our app. We will further provide access to researchers which helps them study and monitor our content ecosystem. Now, we believe we are the only company that offers this level of transparency. Our trust is about actions we take. We have to earn the trust with decisions we make for our company and our products. The potential security, privacy, content manipulation concerns raised about TikTok are really not unique to us. The main issue is to apply to other companies. We believe what's needed are clear transparent rules that apply broadly to all tech companies. Ownership is not at the core of addressing these concerns. As I conclude, there are more than 150 million Americans who love our platform and we know we have a responsibility to protect them. Which is why I'm making the following commitments to you and to all our users. Number one, we will keep safety particularly for teenagers as a top priority for us. Number two, we will firewall protected US data from unwanted foreign access. Number three, TikTok will remain a place for free expression and will not be manipulated by any government. And fourth, we will be transparent and we will give access to third party independent monitors to remain accountable for our commitments. I'll be grateful for any feedback that you have and I look forward to your questions. Thank you very much. As you know, the testimony that you're about to give is subject to Title 18 section 2001 of the United States Code. As you state in your testimony, bite dance is TikTok's parent company. Is it accurate to say that you are in regular communication with the CEO of bite dance beyond Robo? Chair Rogers, yes. I am in communication with him. Kelly, Zhong is the CEO of bite dance China. overseeing Doian, the Chinese version of TikTok. Are you in regular communication with Kelly? I'm not in regular communication with her. The bite dance editor in chief is Zhong Poo Poo Ping, correct? I believe so. And Wu, Shu Geng is Beijing bite dance technology board member and also an official of the cyberspace administration in China. Is this correct? I believe so. They are not in the right. All of these individuals work or affiliated with the Chinese Communist Party are not the highest levels of leadership at bite dance. A company where you previously served as the chief financial officer and where you regularly communicate with their CEO. TikTok has told us that you weren't sharing data with the CCP, but leaked audio from within TikTok has proven otherwise. TikTok told us that you weren't tracking the geolocation of American citizens. You were. TikTok told us you weren't spying on journalists. You were. And your testimony you state that bite dance is not beholden to the CCP. Again, each of the individuals I listed are affiliated with the Chinese Communist Party, including Zhong Poo Ping, who is reported to be the Communist Party Secretary of Bite Dance. And who is called for the party committee to quote, take the lead across all party lines to ensure that algorithm is enforced by quote, correct political direction. Just this morning, the Wall Street Journal reported that the CCP is opposed to a four-sale of TikTok by bite dance. Quoting a CCP spokesman saying that Chinese government would make a decision regarding any sale of TikTok. So the CCP believes they have the final say over your company. I have zero confidence in your assertion that bite dance and TikTok are not beholden to the CCP. Next question. Heating content is a way of promoting and moderating content in your current or previous positions within Chinese companies. Have employees engaged in heating content for users outside of China. Very quickly, yes or no. Our heating process is approved by our local teams in the various countries. The answers, yes. Thank you. Have any moderation tools been used to remove content on TikTok associated with the weaker genocide? Yes or no? We do not remove that kind of content. TikTok is a place for freedom of expression and cherishes, like I said. If you use our app, you can go on it and you will see a lot of users around the world expressing content on that topic and many others. Thank you. What about the massacre in Tiananmen Square? Yes or no? I'm sorry, I'm not here to question that. The massacre in Tiananmen Square. That kind of content is available on our platform. You can go and search it. I will remind you that making false or misleading statements to Congress is a federal crime. I understand. Again, you can go on our platform. You will find that content. Okay, thank you. Reclaiming my time, can you say with 100% certainty that bite dance or the CCP cannot use your company or its divisions? Do he content to promote pro CCP messages for an act of aggression against Taiwan? We do not promote or remove content at the request of the Chinese government. The question is, are you 100% certain that they cannot use your company to promote such messages? It is our commitment to this committee and all our users that we will keep this free from any manipulation by any government. I can't say 100% certain I take that as a no. As I previously referenced, TikTok spied on American journalists. Can you say with 100% certainty that neither bite dance nor TikTok employees can target other Americans with similar surveillance techniques? First of all, I disagree with the characterization that is spying. It was an internal investigation. Yes or no? Can you do surveillance of other Americans? We will protect the US user data and fire it all from all I want to foreign access. It is a commitment that we have given to the committee. So I guess my question is, I want you to hear you say with 100% certainty that neither bite dance nor TikTok employees can target other Americans with similar surveillance techniques as you did with the journalist. Again, I do not disagree with the characterization in surveillance. Given our commitments, chair registrally, the four commitments, I think I saw commitment that we will not be influenced by any government on these issues. DOJ is investigating this surveillance right now. Do the American people watching today hear this? TikTok is a weapon by the Chinese Communist Party to spy on you, manipulate what you see and exploit for future generations. The ban is only a short term way to address TikTok. And the data privacy bill is the only way to stop TikTok from ever happening again in the United States. I yield back. And now yield to the ranking member for five minutes. Thank you, Madam Chair. Let me just start out by saying, Mr. Chiu, that I don't find what you suggested with Project Texas and this far will. That's being suggested to whoever will be acceptable to me. In other words, I still believe that the Beijing Communist government will still control and have the ability to influence what you do. And so this idea of this Project Texas is simply not acceptable. According to a recent report, TikTok is on target to make between $15 and $18 billion in revenue this year. Is that an accurate forecast? Congressman, as a private company, we are not sharing all. How much money will TikTok make by delivering personalized advertisements just to your users in the United States? Will you give me that information? Again, Congressman, respectfully as a private company, we are not disclosing that. Look, the impression you're giving, and I know I can understand why you're trying to give that impression, is that you're just performing some kind of public service here. This is a benign company. It's just performing a public service. Maybe that's not what you're saying, but I don't buy it. My concern here is primarily about the privacy issue. The fact that TikTok is making all kinds of money by gathering private information about Americans that they don't need for their business purposes, and then they sell it. I mentioned this legislation that the Chair and I have that would minimize data collection and make it much more difficult for TikTok and other companies to do that. If you want to make some commitments today, why don't I make some commitments with regard to this legislation? You're going to tell me, well, the bill isn't passed, and so therefore I don't have to do it. You say you're benign, you want to do good things for the public, so let me ask you. Why not, what about a commitment that says that you won't sell the data that you collect? Would you commit to that? Not selling the data you collect? Congressman, I believe we don't sell data to any data brokers. You don't sell to anyone. We don't sell data to data brokers. I didn't ask you data broker, do you sell it to anyone? In other words, under our bill, you can only use the data for your own purposes, not to sell it to anyone. Would you commit to not selling your data to anyone? Congressman, I actually am in support of some rules. I didn't ask you whether the company TikTok would commit to not selling its data to anyone, and just using it for its own purposes internally. I can get back to you under details. I can get back to you. All right. Another thing that's in our bill says that we were prohibiting targeting marketing to people under the age of 17. Would you be willing to agree to prohibit targeted marketing to people Americans under the age of 17? Congressman, we have actually strict rules for advertisers in terms of what they can show to our users under the age of 17. Do you prohibit targeting? Would you be willing to prohibit targeted marketing to those under 17? That's what's in our bill. I understand that there's some talk and some legislation around this, around the country. Again, I might insist I'm wanting you to make that commitment without the legislation since you say you're a good company. You want to do good things? Why not? It's something we can look into and get back to you. I appreciate that. Okay. We also have an our bill, a requirement of heightened protection for sensitive data, particularly location and health data. Would you commit to not gathering or dealing with location or health data unless you get affirmative consent from the consumer? In other words, under our bill, those are categorized as sensitive and unless the person specifically says, I want you to collect that data, you wouldn't be able to location and health data. Would you commit to that? I'm not going to do that. A Congressman, in principle, I support that. By the way, we do not collect precise GPS data at this point. I do not believe we collect any health data. All right. So would you be willing to make that commitment? That from now on, you won't collect location, health data without... You're saying it all. This is data that's frequently collected by many other companies. I know other companies do it. I don't think they should without affirmative consent. You said you want to be a good actor. So why not make that commitment to me today? We're committed to be very transparent with our users about what we collect. I don't think what we collect. I don't believe what we collect is more than most in the audience. My problem here is you're trying to give the impression that you're going to move away from Beijing and the Communist Party. You're trying to give the impression that you're a good actor. But the commitments that we would seek to achieve those goals are not being made today. They're just not being made. You're going to continue to gather data. You're going to continue to sell data. You're going to continue to do all these things and continue to be under the ages of the Communist Party through your organization that owns you. So in any case, thank you. Thank you Madam Chair. Gentlemen yields back. Chair now recognizes gentlemen from Texas. Mr. Burgess for five minutes. I thank the Chair. Thank you, Mr. Chu, for joining us today. I think we've heard you say multiple times that TikTok is not a Chinese company that by dance is not a Chinese company. But according to an article in today's Wall Street Journal, quoting here, China's Commerce Ministry said Thursday that a sale or divestiture of TikTok will involve exporting technology that has to be approved by the Chinese government. Continuing to quote the reported efforts by the Biden administration would severely undermine global investors confidence in the US said, Xu Teng, a Ministry spokeswoman, continuing to quote, if that is true, China will firmly oppose it. She said, referring to the forced sale. So despite your assertions to the contrary, I know certainly things. It is in control of TikTok and its software. Is that not correct? Congressman, TikTok is not available in mainland China. And today we're headquartered in Los Angeles and Singapore. But I'm not saying that the founders of by dance are not Chinese nor am I saying that we don't make use of Chinese employees just like many other companies around the world. We do use the expertise on some engineering projects. But according to their Ministry spokeswoman, it would be a divestiture of exporting technology from China. So they again, China thinks they own it even though you do not. Madam Chair, I just I ask you to have to put today's Wall Street Journal. Without objection, so ordered into the record. Mr. Chu, I wouldn't ask you to discuss any privilege attorney client materials. But did anyone aside from your lawyers assist you in preparation for today's hearing? I prepared for this hearing of my team here in DC. Did anyone at by dance directly provide input help or instruction for your testimony today? Congressman, this is a very high profile hearing. My phone is full of well wishes. But I prepared for this hearing with my team here in DC. Are you are you willing to share? Who who help prepare you for this hearing with the committee? And you can do that right. I can follow up with you. Can you guarantee that no one at by dance at a role in preparing you for today's hearing? Like I said, Congressman, this is a high profile hearing. A lot of people around the world were sending me wishes and unsolicit advice. But I prepared for this hearing with my team here in DC. Are the attorneys representing TikTok also representing by dance? Yes, I believe so. What percentage of TikTok revenue does by dance retain? Just give me a ballpark estimate if you don't precisely know. Congressman, like I said, as a private company, we are not prepared to disclose our financials in public today. Can we ask you to get back to us with a ballpark? We're not asking for the precise figures, but so the committee can have some understanding of the percentage of TikTok revenue that by dance retains. I understand the question. Respectfully, as private company, we are not disclosing our financials today. Prior to today's hearing, did anyone affiliated with the Chinese Communist Party discuss this hearing with you? Or anyone else on TikTok senior management? A Congressman, since I've been CEO of this company, I've not had any discussions with Chinese government officials. So what about the Chinese Communist Party itself? Have any of those officials discussed this with you? Like I said, I have not had any discussion with Chinese government officials. I don't know the political affiliation of everybody I speak to, so I can't verify the statement. Let me ask you a question in a different direction. A few weeks ago, this committee had a field hearing down in MacAllen, Texas. And it was on the issue of fentanyl and illegal immigration. And one of our witnesses, Brandon Judd, a 25-year veteran and border patrol agent, said that all social media platforms play a role in illegal immigration. That's one of the ways cartels advertise their services throughout the world and convince people to put themselves in their hands and come to the United States. The cartels all use social media platforms. Are you aware of this phenomenon? Any content that promotes human abuse is a relative of our community guidelines, which dictates what is allowed and not allowed on our platform. We proactively identify and remove them from our platform. It would be very helpful if you would share with the committee examples of how you have removed people. Because what we heard at the hearing was that TikTok was one of the platforms that recruits adolescents in the United States to help with transporting people who have been trafficked into the country as well as contraband substances. Would you help us with that understanding who you have removed from your platform? Congressman, I would be delighted to check my team and get back to yours and be collaborative. Thank you all you'll back. Gentlemen's time has expired. Chair recognizes the lady from California mis-issue for five minutes. Thank you, Madam Chairwoman. Mr. Chu, thank you for being here today. As members of Congress, our very first and top responsibility is to protect and defend. Protect and defend our constitution and the national security of our country. So I view this entire issue. Now there are many parts of it that are not part of our national security in my view. But first and foremost for our national security. So in examining TikTok breaking away from bite dance. I'd like to ask you some questions about that and how a severance in terms of the relationship with bite dance. How user data, American user data would be protected. So under Beijing's security laws, Article 7 compels companies to provide data. Article 10 makes the reach of the law extra territorial. Now this is very clear. I don't need to read all of it into the record. Those are the laws of the PRC. How does bite dance? How does TikTok rather? How do you convince the Congress of the United States that there can be a clean break? Why would the Chinese government sidestep their national law, including Article 7, Article 10, in terms of user data? Thank you for the question. As I said in the opening statement, our plan is to move American data to be stored on American soil. I understand that. But your sidestepping, or I haven't read anything in terms of TikTok, how you can actually say, and you've spoken your opening statement about a firewall relative to the data. But the Chinese government has that data. How can you promise that that will move into the United States of America and be protected here? I have seen no evidence that the Chinese government has access to that data. They have never asked us. We have not provided. I have asked that question. I find that actually preposterous. I have looked in, I have seen no evidence of this happening. In order to assure everybody here and all our users, our commitment is to move data into the United States to be stored on American soil by an American company, overseen by American personnel. So the risk will be similar to any government going to an American company asking for data. If that... Well, I'm one that doesn't believe that there is really a private sector in China. And when you look at their national law, and what specifically these two articles, Article 7 and Article 10, are very clear. I think that there is a real problem, a real problem relative to our national security about the protection of the user data. I don't believe that TikTok has... You have said or done anything to convince us that that information, the personal information of 150 million Americans that the Chinese government is not going to give that up. Can you tell me who writes the algorithms for TikTok? Today, the algorithm that powers the US user experience is running in the Oracle Cloud infrastructure. Yes, initially there were parts of the source code, especially in the infrastructure layer that doesn't touch the user experience. Now, that's a collaborative global effort, including built by engineers in China, just like many other companies. By the way, the phone you use, the car you drive is a global collaborative effort. Now, but today, the business sites and the main parts of the code for TikTok is written by TikTok employees. And the congresswoman, what we are offering is third party monitoring of our source code. I am not aware of any company. The American companies are otherwise, that has actually done that. Because we are saying we want to give you transparency and rely on third parties to make sure that we get all the comfort that we need about the experience. Well, my time is up and I yield back. Thank you. Lady Yield's back. Please do yield to the gentleman from Ohio, Mr. Lada, for five minutes. Well, thank you, Madam Chair. Unlike the Chinese Communist Party, the United States believes in individual freedom, innovation, and entrepreneurship. That is, in part, why Congress enacted Section 230 of the Communications Decency Act. Our goal is to promote growth of the online ecosystem in the United States and to protect companies from being held liable for good faith efforts to moderate their platforms. Last year, a federal judge in Pennsylvania found that Section 230 protected TikTok from being held responsible for the death of a 10-year-old girl, who participated in a blackout challenge, also known as the choking challenge. TikTok actually pushes video on her feet. Unfortunately, this is one of the many devastating examples of children losing their lives because of content promoted by TikTok. Section 230 was never intended to shield companies like yours from amplifying dangers and life-threatening content to children. You consider this to be a good faith moderation. Congressman, as a father myself, when I hear about the tragic death, so I'm questioning if all it's hot. You think you find that good faith moderation? Well, Congressman, Section 230 is a very complex issue. Yes or no? We are very focused on safety and all these stages try to have to sing that as we find them. Do you believe TikTok deserves this liability protection? I'm sorry, Congressman. Do you believe that TikTok deserves this liability protection under Section 230? Congressman, as you pointed out, 230 has been very important for freedom of expression on the Internet. It's one of the commitments we have given to this committee and our users, and I do think it's important to preserve that. But companies should be raising the bar on safety. Let me follow up really quickly. From your own testimony, when you told us and you repeated it, we'll keep safety particularly for teenagers. They top priority for us. When you're saying you're making that following in commitment, why do you have to wait for now to make that following commitment now and not having done it before when this 10-year-old lost her life? Congressman, I'm reiterating the commitment internally in all my priorities, which is public to my employees. This company is a picture-perfect example of why this committee and Congress need to take action immediately to amend Section 230. When we recently met, I asked you if the Chinese Communist Party can currently access user data and you did not have a clear answer. So today, I want to follow up. You heard it a little bit, but I want to be absolutely sure of this answer. Our employees of bite dance subject to Chinese law, including the 2017 National Intelligence Law, which requires any organization or citizen to support, assist and equate with state intelligent work in accordance with the law. Like many companies, including many American companies, we rely on the global workforce, including engineers in China. So in the past, yes. In the past, yes. Yes, but we are building project taxes and we're committing the firewall laws to all protected data. Taking that as a yes, because again, the article, the article seven of the 2017 National Intelligence Law, which I just said, as it says in addition, as was asked a little bit earlier. The 2014 counterintest bin and all espionage law states that when the state security organ investigates and understands the situation of espionage and collect relevant evidence, the relevant organizations and individuals. It does not say may. It says shall provide it truthfully and may not refuse. Yes or no. Do any bite dance employees in China, including engineers currently have access to us user data? Today, all US user data is stored by default in the Oracle Cloud infrastructure and access to that is controlled by American companies. I am asking employees in China, including engineers currently have access to US data. Congressman, I would appreciate this. This is a complex topic today, all data. Yes, yes, no, no, no, it's not that complex. Yes or no, do they have access to user data? Yes, yes, yes. After Project Texas is done, the answer is no. Today, there is still some data that we need to speak. We've heard already from the ranking member that he doesn't really see that Project Texas is going to be useful. So I think I'm taking that as a note because again, the question is what can't have to come up earlier on that on December 22nd of last year when bite dance confirmed some of its Chinese employees had access tick-tock data, the monitor and track monitor and track. The physical location of journals. So I took that as a yes from an earlier answer. Earlier this week, you posted a tick-tock video asking American users to mobilize in support of your app and oppose the potential US government action to ban tick-tock in the United States. Based on the established relationship between your company and the Chinese Communist Party, it's impossible for me to conclude that the video is anything different than the type of propaganda that CCP requires Chinese companies to push on its citizens. Now you'll back. Niel's back. Chair recognizes the lady from Colorado, Ms. Degat for five minutes. Thank you, Matt. Thank you very much, Madam Chair. Mr. Chu, like my colleagues, I'm concerned about the influence of China on tick-tock and what that does for US users. But I'm also concerned about how the content in tick-tock is being distributed particularly to young people. This is not a problem unique to tick-tock, but tick-tock has 150 million users in the United States. And so I think you'll agree that tick-tock has a particular responsibility to monitor content to make sure that it's safe and accurate. Would that be fair to say? Yes, I agree with that. I know you said in your opening statement there's a ban for or limited for kids under 13 and under 18 and so on. But I know it won't be news for you that computer savvy kids actually can bypass some of those restrictions quite frequently and they can do it even if they have parental oversight. And so what I want to ask you is rather than putting the burden on young people and parents to accurately put in the birth date and so on when registering for tick-tock, I want to ask you what tick-tock can do to make sure to monitor this content. And I want to give you some examples of some of the extreme content. Mr. Latta talked about the blackout challenge and some of the dangers to young people's safety, but there's also extreme content around healthcare information. In one study, 13 out of 20 results for the question, does mugwort induce abortion? It's it talked about herbal so-called abortifications like papaya seeds, which don't work. And so if people searching for information on safe abortions went on tick-tock, they could get devastatingly incorrect information. Another another study showed that tick-tock was had a hydroxychloroquine tutorial on how to fabricate this from grapefruit. Now there's two problems with that. Number one, hydroxychloroquine is not effective in treating COVID, so that's one issue. The second issue is you can't even make hydroxychloroquine from grapefruit. So again, this is a really serious miscommunication about healthcare information that people looking at tick-tock are able to get and in fact it's being pushed out to them. So I want to know from you and I will give you time to answer this. You have current current controls, but the current controls are not working to keep this information mainly from young people, but from Americans in general. What more is is tick-tock doing to try to strengthen its review to keep this information from coming across to people? Thank you for the question. Congresswoman, the dangerous misinformation that you mentioned is not allowed on our platform. It violates them. I'm sorry to report it is on your platform, though. Congresswoman, I don't think I can sit here and say that we are perfect in doing this. We do work very hard. How can you make yourself more perfect? I don't want you to say it's not there or you apologize. What can you do to limit it as much as possible? More than what you're doing now. I invest a significant amount in our content moderation work. I shared that number in my written. I know you're investing, but what steps are you taking to improve the AI or whatever else you're doing to limit this content? For example, if you search for certain search terms, we do direct you on tick-tock to resource safety resources. That's one of the things we have done. I'm continuing to invest in this. I recognize and fully aligned with you that this is a problem that faces our industry. We need to really invest and address this. I'm very in alignment. The vast majority of our users come to our platform for entertaining, safe content. But there are people who do have some who do spout some dangerous misinformation. We need to take that very seriously. Invest in it, proactively identify it and remove it from our platform. I'm going to stop you right now. I asked you specifically how you were increasing, how you're trying to increase your review of this. You gave me only generalized statements that you're investing, that you're concerned, that you're doing more. That's not enough for me. That's not enough for the parents of America. I'm going to ask you to supplement your testimony and have your experts tell me what you're doing to make this a higher level of scrutiny, not just problematic hearing. Thank you. I yield back. Thank you. Lady yields back. Chair recognizes gentleman from North Carolina, Mr. Hudson, for five minutes. Thank you, Chairwoman, more broaders for holding this important hearing. I appreciate the witness Mr. Shoji Chu for making yourself available here today. While many consider TikTok to be just another video sharing app and reality, TikTok has been functioning as a massive surveillance program, collecting vast swaths of personal data from more than a billion people worldwide. This includes data from the personal devices of federal employees, contractors, and most concerning US military service members and their families at places like Fort Bragg in North Carolina. As Fort Bragg's congressman, I have serious concerns about the opportunities TikTok gives the Chinese Communist Party to access the non-public sensitive data of our men and women in uniform. This personal data and location information can be harvested and could be used for blackmail to conduct espionage and possibly even reveal troop movements. While the Department of Defense and most agencies have banned TikTok on government issue devices, I believe more needs to be done at the command level to urge troops and their dependents to erase the app from the personal devices and keep them all from being a threat. I believe Congress and DOD should address the continued use of TikTok on military installations as well as any use that depicts US military operations. Mr. Chu, does TikTok access the home Wi-Fi network? Only if the user turns on the Wi-Fi. I'm sorry, I may not understand. So if I have TikTok app on my phone and my phone is on my home Wi-Fi network, does TikTok access that network? It will have to access the network to get connections to the internet if that's the question. Is it possible then that it could access other devices on that home Wi-Fi network? We do not do anything that is beyond any industry norms. I believe the answer to your question is no. It could be technical. Let me get back to you. I'd appreciate it if you can answer that. I'd like to change directions real quick. Do you receive personal employment, salary, compensation or benefits from bite dance? Yes, I do. What is your salary from bite dance? I would prefer to keep my compensation private. You personally have any company shares or stock in bite dance or doyene? I would like to keep my personal assets private. Is TikTok the company your only source of employment compensation? Where is your other source of income outside of TikTok? It's my only source of compensation. Do you have any financial debts or obligations to bite dance, doyene or any other bite dance of the late identity? Personally? No, I do not. Is your management team receive separate salary, compensation or benefits from bite dance? We receive salaries from the entities that we are employed in. We do share in the employee stock option plan that is available from the bite dance top company. Your primary salary comes from TikTok, but you have other compensation that comes directed from bite dance. You can correct the rise of this debt. Yes. Does your management team have company shares or stock in bite dance or doyene? Yes, some of our employees are compensated in shares in bite dance. Does TikTok share technological resources with doyene? Are the two technology systems or IT systems interconnected in any way? There are as many companies, some share resources on some services, but it doesn't include anything that involves US user data, Congressman, is in project taxes as we talked about. Stored by default in America's oil, by an American company. Currently there is shared technology or interconnected IT systems. Congressman, respect, I have to get back to you. This could be a very broad question. For example, we could all be using Microsoft Windows. If you could get back with details on that, I'd appreciate it. Yes. Can doyene personnel or employees access TikTok user data? Not the after project Texas. This is not allowed. Are there employees who are employed by both doyene and TikTok? I do not believe so. Okay. I do not believe so. Again, I will allow you to come back in the written response if you could give me a definitive answer. I will go back and check to be very sure. Okay. Thank you. I am also concerned about an issue that our chairwoman brought up about an apparent pattern of misinformation, and the representation from your company in regards to the amount and extent of data that you are collecting, as well as how much has been accessed from inside China. There are dozens of public reports that conclude individuals in the People's Republic of China have been accessing data on US users directly contradicting several public statements about TikTok employees. And I am referencing Project Raven, which was first reported on by Forbes last October. Did their investigation reveal, I am sorry, but at the time, do you want to respond to that? Yes, Congressman. We do not condone the effort by certain former employees to access US TikTok user data in an attempt to identify the source of leaked confidential information. We condemned these actions. After learning about them, we found a highly reputable law firm. The thoroughly investigated the incident. The public swift disciplinary action against employees were found to be involved and are implementing measures to make sure this doesn't happen again. We have made this team available to you. I think they have briefed many of you in this committee very extensively, and I will continue to make them very available to you as part of our transparent commitment. Thank you. My time is expired. I yield back. Chairman yields back. Chair recognizes the lady from Illinois Miss Cherkowski for five minutes. Thank you. So today, in the Wall Street Journal, they said today, China's Commerce Minister said that China opposes the sale of TikTok, because it would involve exporting China's technology, and this is the important part, and would need to be approved by the Chinese government. Would need to be approved by the Chinese government. So all of what you've been saying about the distance between TikTok and China has been said to be not true in the paper today, and I would like to see what you have to say in response. Congresswoman, I do disagree with that characterization. I think we have designed Project Texas to protect US user interests and move forward here in the US. Again, it's the protections of storing American data on American soil by an American company looked after by American personnel. And I do not think that our commitments to this committee and all our users is impacted by any event that you mentioned. The whole discussion on this resolution of this is ongoing and developing event, so we will continue to pay attention to this, and we'll get back to you when we have more specifics. So if it's an ongoing debate, apparently with China, so it's hard to say with any certainty that China would not have any influence. But let me ask another question. So last fall, along with Gus Villorakis, who were chair and co-chair of the subcommittee together, we're told that TikTok had surveilled, was involved in surveillance of users, very personal information. And you might say, well, not more than other companies, and I agree with the ranking member Plone, that I really don't want to go by that standard particularly. But that TikToks in app browser surveils everything from Americans, including passwords and credit card numbers, et cetera. So I just want to ask you if TikTok did track and collect the sensitive data that Americans don't want to have disclosed. Congressman, thank you. I'm glad you asked this question, because like you pointed out, we actually do not believe we collect more data than any other social media company out there. So a lot of these reports, and we can talk about what specific one you're talking about. A lot of them are not that accurate. Some of them, we have actually gotten in touch with the authors to help them understand the data that we're collecting. A lot of it is speculation. This is something they could do. They could do. But if you look at the subtext, this is something that every company could do. I'm running out of time. Let me just say that if TikTok chose not to take this sensitive information that you don't need for a transaction and support our comprehensive privacy bill, that would be very helpful. The other thing I wanted to ask. So really this is a yes or no. That does TikTok share user information from companies, from parent companies, from affiliated or send user information to overseas. In the past, yes, for interoperability purposes. Now after project taxes, all protected US data will be stored here with the access controlled by a special team of US personnel. Again, Congressman, this is something that as far as I understand, no other company, including American companies, are willing to go. So maybe this is something that we can ask the industry to provide, not just us. In the case of sharing information, I do want to quote from employees that you had that, and here's the quote, everything is seen in China is really what they said. People who were in touch with the sensitive data were saying that. How do you respond to that? I disagree with that statement. Well, I know you disagree with that statement, but my point is, how does that happen that employees of the company are saying that in fact that's not true? I cannot speak to, I don't know who this person is, so I cannot speak to what the person has or has not said. What I can say is, based on my position in this company and the responsibility that I have, that statement is just not true. Okay, unfortunately, and I'll close, I guess I'm over my time. We need to look into the facts of this and so do you, and I yield back. General Lady yields back. Chair recognizes the lady from Florida, Miss Camich for five minutes. Thank you, Madam Chairwoman. Mr. Shou, are you aware of Chinese Communist Party leader, Chairman Xi Jinping's comments in May 2021 during a Communist Politburo Study session where he instructed colleagues, to target different countries, different audiences with short form video. Are you aware of these comments? Yes or no? Congressman, I'm not aware of these comments. Okay. Well, and as was pointed out by Chairwoman Rogers, you have regular contact with Chinese Communist Party Secretary, Mr. Zhang Fouping, who is your boss at bite dance? Correct? No. No. No. Neither my boss, nor do we have frequent contact. But you have regular contact with bite dance with the CEO of bite dance. Who is Mr. Zhang Fouping, is the editor in chief? He's not. My colleague representative Burgess, a few minutes ago, exposed that TikTok and bite dance share legal teams, you confirmed this, correct? Our general counsel is an American lawyer, veteran of Microsoft. Also, my colleague representative, Laddak, confirmed that your parent company bite dance currently can access user data. Yes? Let's, we have to be more specific. Yes. After project Texas, no. I'm not asking after project Texas, I'm asking now. Yes. Some user data is public data congresswoman, which means everybody can see. What's interesting to me is that you've used the word transparency over a half a dozen times in your opening testimony and subsequently again in your answers to my colleagues. Yet the interesting thing to me is that bite dance, your parent company has gone out of their way to hide an airbrush corporate structure ties to the CCP, the company's founder and their activities. You can look no further than the fact that bite dance website has been scrubbed. In fact, we found web pages from the Beijing Internet Association, the industry association charged with communist party building work of internet companies in Beijing. They have been archived, but since deleted makes you kind of wonder why? Yes or no, bite dance is required to have a member of the Chinese government on its board with veto power. Is that correct? No, that is not correct. Bite dance owns some Chinese businesses and you're talking about this very special subsidiary that is for Chinese business license. I'm going to have to move on. You've said repeatedly that there is no threat that this is an inner platform for entertainment and for fun. I have to ask you then if there is no threat to Americans, if there is no threat to our data privacy security. Why did an internal memo from TikTok corporate headquarters explicitly coach senior management to quote downplay the parent company bite dance? Why would they say downplay the China association and downplay AI? This is from an internal memo from your company. Why if you had nothing to hide, would you need to downplay the association with bite dance in China? Congressman, I have not seen this memo. You can answer that question. Mr. Show, I'd like to direct your attention to the screen for a short video if you don't mind. Mr. Show, that video was posted 41 days ago. As you can see, it is captioned me as F at the House Energy and Commerce Committee on March 23rd of this year. This video was posted before this hearing was publicly noticed. I think that's a very interesting point to raise. But more concerning is the fact that it names this chairwoman by name. Your own community guidelines state that you have a firm stance against enabling violence on or off TikTok. We do not allow people to use our platform to threaten or incite violence or to promote violent extremist organizations, individuals or acts. When there is a threat to public safety or an account is used to promote or glorify off platform violence, we ban the account. This video has been up for 41 days. It is a direct threat to the chairwoman of this committee, the people in this room. It still remains on the platform. You expect us to believe that you are capable of maintaining the data security privacy and security of 150 million Americans where you can't even protect the people in this room. I think that is a blatant display of how vulnerable people who use TikTok are. You couldn't take action after 41 days when a clear threat, a very violent threat to the chairwoman of this committee and the members of this committee was posted on your platform. You can't protect the data and security of this committee or the 150 million users of your app because it is an extension of the CCP. And with that, I yield back. Can I respond? Chair? I'm sorry. I have a phone. General Lady yields back. Chairman recognizes the lady from California, Ms. Matsui for five minutes. Thank you very much, Madam Chair. And I'm really glad that we're having this very important hearing here today. We're having this very important hearing here today. I'm really glad that we have this very important hearing here today. I'm especially committed to demanding transparency from large platforms about the algorithms that shape our online interactions, especially for teenagers and young users. That's why I introduce the Algorithmic Justice and Online Platform Transparency Act to bring greater visibility into this ecosystem. My bill would require prohibit algorithms that discriminate on the basis of race, age, gender, ability, and other protected characteristics. It also would establish a safety and effectiveness standard algorithms for requiring new forms of oversight. Now, this bill would require online platforms to publish annual public reports, detailing their content moderation practices, which I believe should be a baseline requirement to enable meaningful oversight and consumer choice. Mr. Chu, just yes or no. Do you believe a requirement for annual content moderation practices for social media platforms would be beneficial? Yes or no? Yes. This transparency bill would also require online platforms to maintain detailed records describing their algorithmic process for review by the Federal Trade Commission in compliance with key privacy and data identification. Mr. Chu, does TikTok currently maintain records describing their algorithmic processes? Yes or no? Congressman, I would need to check and get back to you on what kind of specific records you are talking about. I wait for that. Over the past few years, alarming information brought to light by whistleblowers have shown that social media companies are intimately aware of the effect their products on young women, political extremism, and more. Despite this, they will help those studies or decline to investigate further. In either case, it shows a pattern evasive or negligent behavior that I find concerning in extreme. Mr. Chu does TikTok conduct its own studies on effective algorithms and content distribution models on mental health or safety. If so, how on when are those findings made public and if not, do you believe they are necessary? Congressman, we rely on external third parties and fund their research to help us understand some of these issues. For example, we worked with the digital wellness lab at the Boston Children's Hospital to understand the 60-minute time limit that we put for all our under 18 users. We are supportive of legislation that provides more funding for research, like for example for the NIH. TikTok tailors is recommended content based on user activity to encourage people to spend more time on the app. This practice is by no means unique to TikTok given the prevalence of young users and the digestible nature of short-form video. I am concerned about the absentee to exacerbate existing mental health challenges. Mr. Chu does TikTok have different policies for amplifying contact that would be related to depression or dieting versus content like gardening and sports. If you ask to describe these policy differences, if no, why not? Thank you for this. The answer is yes, we are trying out some policies together with experts to understand certain contents that are not inherently harmful, like extreme fitness, for example, but shouldn't be seen too much. These are models that we are building and we are trying to understand together with experts how to best implement them across our platform, particularly for younger users under 18. In cases where users have been engaging with potentially harmful content, I believe it is imperative that the app takes steps to moderate that behavior rather than continuing to promote it. I apologize. I wasn't clear. First, anything that is relative and harmful will remove. I was not sure what I meant to say was content that is not inherently harmful. Some of the extreme fitness videos about people running 100 miles is not inherently harmful, but if we show them too much, the experts are telling us that we should disperse them more and make sure they are not seen too regularly. You are intentional about that, then. We are working on it. You are working on it. Thank you, Madam Chair. I appreciate it very much. Thanks for holding this hearing. Mr. Chu, your algorithms have prioritized providing harmful content directly to children, like self-harm challenges and even suicide. Just three days ago, Italy opened an investigation into the TikTok over user safety concerns after the so-called French Scar Challenge Winvaro on your platform. I know you know about the Blackout Challenge, which others may know as the choking challenge that encourages children to bring them to the point of unconsciousness or in some cases tragically death. If that isn't enough, I want to share the story of Chase Naska, a 16-year-old boy from New York who tragically ended his life a year ago by stepping in front of his train. I want to thank his parents. Again, they are here. I want to thank his parents for being here today and allowing us to show this. Mr. Chu, your company destroyed their lives. Your company destroyed their lives. I admire their courage to be here and share Chase's story in the hopes that it will prevent this from happening to other families. The content in Chase's 4U page was not a window to discovery as you boldly claimed in your testimony. It wasn't content from a creator that you invited to roam the hill today or stem education content that children in China see. Instead, his 4U page was sadly a window to discover suicide. It is unacceptable, sir, that even after knowing all these dangers, you still claim to talk as something grand to behold. I want you to see what Chase would see. And I think if you want, again, would you share this content with your children, with your two children? Would you want them to see this? And again, I want to warn everyone watching that you may find this content disturbing, but we need to watch this. Please. Larry, you got to kill yourself. Oh, word. Right now. And then I'm going to put a shotgun in my mouth and blow the brains of the back of my head. Cool. This is a cute story. My brother, who was addicted to pain killers, blew his head off on the State Street bridge. Bam! Now, hold on. It gets better. No letter. No goodbye. Nothing. I've got a question. If I died, would you miss me? Mr. Chu, Mr. Chu, please. Your technology is literally leading to death. Mr. Chu, yes or no? Do you have full responsibility for your algorithms, used by TikTok to prioritize content to its users? Yes or no, please. Congressman, I would just like to respectfully read your mind. I would just like to start by saying it's devastating to hear about the news of the news as a father of myself. Yes or no? I'll repeat the question. Do you have full responsibility over the algorithms used by TikTok to prioritize content to its users? Yes or no, please. Congressman, we do take these issues very seriously. No. And we do provide resources for anyone who types in anything that... Sir, yes or no? I see you're not willing to answer the question. We'll take any responsibility for your parents' companies, the technology, and the harms that creates. It's just very, very sad. Very sad. This is why Congress needs to enact a comprehensive privacy and data security law to give Americans more control over their information and to protect our children. We must save our children from big tech companies like yours who continue to use and manipulate them for your own gain. And I'll go back, Madam Chair. General Maniel's back, Chair recognizes the lady from Florida, is cast her for five minutes. Well, thank you, Madam Chair. Colleagues, it is urgent that the Congress pass an online data privacy law that protects the personal privacy of Americans online and particularly our kids. While this hearing shines a light on TikTok, this hearing also should serve as a call to action for the Congress to act now to protect Americans from surveillance, tracking, personal data gathering, and addictive algorithmic operations that serve up harmful content and has a corrosive effect on our kids' mental and physical well-being. For many years, I've sounded the alarm in this committee of how big tech platforms like TikTok and Facebook and Instagram incessently surveil, track, gather personal private information, and use it along with data brokers to target and influence our behavior. This is a much broader issue than TikTok and China. There are other malign actors across the world who gather data to use it as an element of social control and influence pedaling and worse. And as I detailed in this committee last year when we passed our online privacy law, the harms to children are very serious and demands swift action. Big tech platforms profit immensely from keeping children addicted. They do not care about the privacy, safety, and health of our kids. They are the modern day tobacco and cigarette companies that for so long resisted and misled Congress. And it took the Congress, it took action by the Congress to actually protect our kids and to outlaw smoking by young people. In early 2020, based upon the growing body of evidence to harm to kids online, I introduced the Kids Privacy Act and the Kids Act. And I want to thank all of the researchers, the young people, the parents, the surgeon general of the United States who have explained the correlation between social media usage and body dissatisfaction, disordered eating habits, anxiety, depression, self injury, suicide, ideation, and cyber bullying. Heck, Francis Hound in the Facebook whistleblower was right here and testified to us that Facebook and Instagram conducted research on this topic. They knew and understood the harms, but they continued to elevate profits over the well-being of children. And TikTok does the same. Last Congress, when we passed the ADPPA, the Committee Incorporated, many of these important child online privacy and safety provisions from my bills. But we can make the 118th Congress's version of this bill, of this new law, even more protective of children. And I look forward to working with the chair and the ranking member to make that happen. Mr. Chiu TikTok has incredible sway over children in the U.S. But you don't have a very good track record. In 2019, TikTok was hit with the largest civil penalty by the Federal Trade Commission in the Children's Privacy case. Four years later, TikTok still has not taken sufficient action to fix the problems. I assume because child users are incredibly profitable to your bottom line. So answer me this. TikTok allows advertisers to specifically target advertising to children aged 13 to 17, correct? Congressman, I do want to disagree with the statement that child abuses are not allowed enough platform at all. Yes, you know, it's deplorable conduct and it's not allowed enough platform. Target advertising to young people aged 13 to 17. We do serve personalized advertising at this point, but the policies are very safe for them. How much money does TikTok make selling ads targeted to miners? Congressman, can I clarify? Minus and what age? From just say age 13 to 17. For the teenager population, I want to clarify that we do have a 13 under 13 experience and zero advertising on that platform. For those people... Well, that's a whole other top. Between 13 and 17, if you don't mind, I'll check into my team and get back to you on those answers. You know, TikTok could be designed to minimize the harm to kids, but a decision was made to aggressively add dick kids in the name of profits. And it's our responsibility members to act swiftly to address this. This has gone on for too long. We've delied out too much. This committee, thankfully, we've taken responsibility enacted, but we have an enormous responsibility to act swiftly and get this bill to the floor of the house and passed into law. As soon as possible. Thank you. I yield back my time. General Lady yields back. Chair recognizes gentlemen from Ohio. Mr. Johnson for five minutes. Thank you, Madam Chair. Mr. Chu, I'm an information technology professional, been doing it for the most of my life. You've been evasive in many of your answers. I want to talk to you in some language that maybe you'll better understand. Let's talk about the citizen lab report. This is something your team frequently mentions in hearings as a way to exonerate yourself. For example, in the limitation section, it reads, we could not examine every source code component and test in the apps in every circumstance, which means our methods could not find every security issue privacy violation and censorship event. So it's an incomplete assessment. The report notes that Tick Tock's data collection using third party trackers was an apparent conflict with the GDPR and that multiple themes were censored by Tick Tock. What is shocking to me is the shared source code between Tick Tock in the United States and the CCP censored Doan. The citizen lab report says that many of the functions and classes were identical and that the differences in behavior between Tick Tock in the United States and Doan in China are slight changes in hard coded values. Incredibly, specific censorship parameters from Doan are present in Tick Tock, but just turned off. The authors say that for unknown reasons, the parameter variable itself is preserved. So while citizen lab may have been afraid to say the obvious conclusion, Mr. Chu, I am not. Tick Tock's source code is riddled with backdoors and CCP censorship devices. Here's the truth. In a million lines of code, the smallest shift from a zero to a one on just one of thousands of versions of Tick Tock on the market will unlock explicit CCP censorship and access to American data. Mr. Chu as CEO of Tick Tock, why have you not directed your engineers to change this source code? Congressman, thank you for the question. Have you directed them to change the source code? Like what we are offering in my source commitment. Have you directed them to change that source code? Congressman, if you give me a bit of time to just think about it. No, I don't. It's a yes or no question. Have you directed your engineers to change that source code? I'm not sure I understand why are you allowing Tick Tock to continue to have the capacity for censorship and yet you claim here that you don't. Let me remind you of something. Do you realize that making faults and misleading statements to Congress is a federal crime? Yes, I think so. Have you directed your engineers to change that source code? I am giving third party access monitoring by experts and Congressman, you are an expert on this. What percentage and no other comfort source code is the same as Dowein? What percentage? I can get back to you on the specifics. How to appreciate that. Where was the source code for Tick Tock developed? Was it developed in China or in the United States? It's a global collaborative effort. A lot of companies. Was it developed in China? Some of it? Some of it is. Okay, at bite dance. When it's compiled in the compilation process, can bite code be manipulated? We've talked a lot about source code. What about the bite code? The ones in zeros that actually execute on the device? Can they be manipulated? Yes. To give you comfort, that's why we're giving third party monitors. It's an expert, I think you can agree, that very few companies have to do this. I got the report here by Citizen Lab. I want to read you something from Ron Deber. Specifically, in your written testimony to Congress, you stated on page 9, Citizen Lab found that there was no overt data transmission by Tick Tock to the Chinese government, and that Tick Tock did not contact any servers within China. You implied that Citizen Lab exonerated Tick Tock from any information sharing with China. Well, the director of Citizen Lab saw this and issued a statement correcting the record yesterday. And I'm quoting Ron Deber, the director of the lab. I am disappointed that Tick Tock executives continue citing the Citizen Lab's research and their statements to government as somehow ex-fault ex-cultivatory. I've called them out on this in the past, and it's unfortunate that I have to do it again. He goes on to say, and I quote, we even speculated about possible mechanisms to which the Chinese government might use unconventional techniques to obtain Tick Tock user data via pressure on bite-dance. Mr. Chu, you sent Congress written testimony citing this lab as a support of your claim that China cannot access user data, US user data. And now this lab has come out to say, we never said that. That's misleading. Mr. Chu, I hope you understand what that is. That's misleading. Mr. Chu, this is yet another instance of Tick Tock attempting to mislead Americans about what their technology is capable of and who has access to their information. Madam Chair, I'd like to respond to that. I'm Ron Leberk and the Citizens Lab into the record. Without objections, so- With that, I yield back. Gentlemen yields back. Chair yields to the gentleman from Maryland. Mr. Sarbanes, five minutes. Thanks very much, Madam Chair. Mr. Chu, I'm going to pick up on a theme. We've already covered here, which is the effect that your platform, along with many other social media platforms, by the way, has in terms of mental and behavioral health in this country. I won't speak to what's happening elsewhere in the world, but we've talked about the impact that it's having on children, on teens. We took some action last year in this committee to try to improve access to resources, reauthorized critical programs, so address mental health needs, but we need to do even more than that. We got to address with the big tech companies like Tick Tock are doing because those are platforms that expose children, teens to additional risks. The more time that middle and high schoolers spend on social media, the evidence is the more likely they are to experience depression and anxiety. This is particularly troubling since apparently 16% of American teenagers report that they use Tick Tock, quote, almost constantly. That's, I think, about 5 million teenagers in this country that are on Tick Tock all the time. We know that big tech, including Tick Tock, uses design features that can manipulate users, including children's and teens, to keep them engaged, designed to feed them, a never-ending stream of content, keep their attention for hours on end, which includes capitalizing on the desire for others' approval through like features, praying on the fear of missing out, through push notifications, and so forth. Again, you're part of an industry that's set up to do this, you in some sense don't appear to be able to help yourselves in reaching out and finding that new user and then holding onto them. Tick Tock itself has acknowledged that these features and others, like the endless scroll feature, can have an outsized effect on teens, and we've been discussing today how your app only intensifies that harm by amplifying dangerous content and misinformation. I don't want to be too paternalistic here because we have young people in the audience. We've got Tick Tock users that are watching this hearing, and I'm sure they have their own ideas about how this technology is being managed by Tick Tock and other social media platforms. They like to access the platforms, and they should be able to do that safely, so it's certainly in their interest, and they can drive this conversation, I think, perfectly well, but it's not a fair fight, is it? I mean, the algorithms are on one side of the screen. The human brain is on the other side of the screen drowning in these algorithms. In many instances, at an age where the brain's not even fully developed yet, so those addictive impulses are being sort of perfected by the technology, and again, it leaves the users sort of helpless in the face of that. Are you looking at ways to redesign core features, like the ones I mentioned, to be less manipulative, and addictive for users, and can you commit to making some of those modifications here today? Congressman, thank you. We do want to be leading in terms of safety of our users, particularly of our teenagers. We were the first to launch a 60-minute watch limit, and let's talk about the 60 minutes. And I'm very glad to see others in our industry follow. For many of their recommendations, we will study them very seriously. We actually have a series of features. For example, if you're under 16, you cannot use a direct messaging feature, because we want to protect those younger users. If you're under 16, you cannot go viral by default. If you're under 18, you cannot go live. Let me go back to the 60-minute limit, because my understanding is that teens can pretty easily bypass the notification to continue using the app if they want to. I mean, let's face it, our teens are smarter than we are by half, and they know how to use the technology, and they can get around these limits if they want to. Are you measuring how many teens continue to exceed the 60 minutes of time on that app? We understand how that's working. We understand those concerns. What our intention is to have the teens and their parents have these conversations about what is the appropriate amount of time for social media. That's why we give the parents what we call family pass. I'm actually this question before I run out of time. If you concluded that putting some reasonable limits in place and trying to find a way to enforce them, would lead some percentage of your users to leave TikTok and go somewhere else? Is that something that you're prepared to accept? Yes. Really? Well, I'd love to get the research on how these limits are being implemented, how they're being bypassed, and the things that you're taking, the measures you're taking to address those issues going forward. Please bring that information back to our committee as we move forward. I'll be happy to. I yield back. Gentlemen Yields, Chair recognizes gentlemen from Kentucky, Mr. Guthrie for five minutes. Thank you, Madam Chair, for yielding. I appreciate the time. Mr. Chu, your terms of service specifically state that TikTok does, and I quote, not allow the depiction, promotion, or trade of drugs or other controlled substances. Despite this content being against your terms of service, and I brought this up with other service providers, despite this content being against your terms of service, content on your platform related to illicit drugs, like fentanyl, drug trafficking, and other illicit activity is pervasive and racks up hundreds of thousands of views. For example, in 2020, the Benadrill Challenge resulted in the death of an American teenager. When we heard of another one, challenge earlier today that brought a death of a teenager, or you were at bite dance, or you were the CFO for bite dance, did doing allow related illicit drug trafficking or her challenges resulting in death or injury to kids? Congressman, I represent TikTok here today. I can tell you that TikTok does not allow illegal drugs and just do it in China. I believe they don't allow this, but I would need to check, I don't run their business. Because my question is, I can tell you TikTok does not allow this. It's what we're concerned about, and my guess, and it would do in allow for 41 days a threat against a member of the Chinese Communist Party to stand on their site for 41 days? Again, I cannot speak for Thouin, and I'm sorry, I didn't hear the second part of what you said. Well, we had a threat against the chairman of our committee that was on your site for 41 days. My guess is that would not be allowed in China. That content is if it's violated, I would look into the specifics, and if it violates our guidelines, it would be taken down on TikTok. Yes, surely if it's here that it does, but the problem is that what I'm trying to get at is you seem to be able to prevent this content in China. So not even taking it down just prevent it from being posted, and yet it's all on your website. So I have a couple of questions about, you said earlier, as soon as you find this information, you take it down. So how quickly does your algorithm detect keywords or content that involve illicit drug trafficking before these posts are self reported or used by others? We have about 40,000 people working on this now together with the machines that we train. I don't think any company in our industry can be perfect at this. This is a real big challenge for our industry, but our goal is to get this any violated content, including illegal drugs, down to a very, very small number. This is the problem when we have these hearings, we have CEOs of different companies and of your colleagues and competitors. And we always hear apologies and we always hear, we want to do better at this, but it just doesn't seem to keep improving. And we see hearing stories of our children and obviously that's been talked about today. So how many posts and accounts have been identified and removed from TikTok due to content posted related to illicit drugs or other controlled substances? Congressman, we do publish that in a transparency report. I can get my team to get the information to yours. Thank you. I appreciate that. Also, we understand that the way that people use TikTok or other platforms similar to yours is that they ensure a flag user content isn't permitted to jump from. So my question, so what we've heard is that the instances the user see a drug advertisement and then give a code to go to another site. My question is, do you work with other platforms to ensure flag user content isn't permitted to jump from one platform to others? I would check with my team. I would love to work with our industry to make sure that we stamp out these problems. Violative content should not be allowed on any platforms in my opinion. So what's kind of frustrating to all of us here is that we look at what's happening on your sites and others. And particularly that we know because we've done a research that you can't have access to illicit drug information or other zone do you know which is a sister company as you say in China. And so it absolutely if you can prevent it on one and not the other, you obviously have the ability to stop it from moving forward. And yet you don't. Would you like to expand how one of your sister companies can prevent that and you not? I know you don't represent do you do you and but they don't allow it. But it happens on your platform. What's the difference? First of all, the majority of the content on TikTok is fun and detaining informative and very positive for users. Like other companies that operate in this country, we have to deal with some bad actors who come and publish some content on illegal illegal drugs. The bad actors don't seem to be able to access do you in? The TikTok US experience should be compared to other US companies because this is common. But your parent company has the technology to prevent it because you prevent it in China but you can't prevent it here. What's the difference? That's why I'm asking. Oh, Congressman, there is no technology that is perfect in doing this. We have to deal with the reality of the country that you were operating in and here in the United States. As with other companies, we share this challenge. We are investing a lot to address the challenge but it's a shared challenge. Do you invest a lot to seem to be able to address it in China but not here? Again, I think the comparison has been within the single country. We face the same set of challenges here in the US. What's the difference? I'm sorry, I'm out of table. What's the difference in China and here? Let me give you an example, Congressman. In my home country Singapore, there is almost no illegal drug content because Singapore has very strict drug laws. Thank you. My time is expired and I yield back. Gentlemen yields back. Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York, Mr. Tonko, for five minutes. Thank you, Madam Chair. I'm concerned that TikTok's algorithm praise on vulnerable people, including those struggling with addiction, eating orders, disorders, and other mental health conditions. The platform is designed to push content to users that will watch more frequently and for longer periods of time. Unfortunately for many people suffering from certain mental health disorders, videos that reinforce their fears or negative self-image are more engaging. On top of that, TikTok has received sensitive patient health information and records of browsing activity from multiple telehealth companies like Better Health, Help, and Seribel. People's personal struggles should not be fuel for TikTok's profits. People should be able to seek help to address serious medical concerns without being afraid that their information will be shared with social media companies trying to push more products, services, or content at them. So Mr. Chiu, will TikTok continue to get information from third parties on its users' health, including their mental health? Yes or no? We will continue the work of experts. Yes, if that's the question. We'll identify this issue. We'll continue to get information from these third parties, including their mental health. Yes or no? Congress may not understand your question. If your question is if I'm working with them on these issues, the answer is yes. It's not the question. It's will you continue to get information from these third parties on its users' health? Get information. We do not get any user health information from third parties. Congressmen. We talked a lot about user privacy and safety. Will you commit here today to no longer using data about users' health, particularly their mental health, to push them content or sell ads? Yes or no? We take our users' mental health very seriously. Yes or no? As far as I'm aware, we don't do that, Congressman. It's not what the answer is. No, you will no longer use data about users' health. Tiktok systematically exploits users' anxieties by pushing alarming and distressing content onto their 4U page. For example, in May of 2022, the LA Times found that some pregnant users searching for information about their pregnancies on Tiktok were then shown information about miscarriages, still births and delivery room traumas. Your company knows that distressing content can have the perverse effect of feeding user engagement. And for Tiktok, engagement means money. In the course of a week, what percentage of content that a user sees is considered potentially harmful or distressing content? Congressman, we work with a lot of experts on this. Even before we set the 60-minute time limit for under 18s, if you spend too much time on our platform, you can try it. If you spend too much time, we will actually send you videos to tell you to go out and get some air and get off the platform. What percentage of content that a user sees is considered potentially harmful? I will need to follow up with my team and get back to you on that. That's a fall park. I will need to follow up with my team. Are teenagers in particular shown more distressing content? The opposite is true. We actually put in more restrictions to make sure that our teenagers get a better experience. Are our expected or new parents shown more distressing content? I know of many parents, including one I met recently, who actually use our platform to find communities to connect with other parents and learn a lot more. I have heard amazing stories of creators who have difficulties. Reclaiming my time. Are individuals with eating disorders shown more distressing content? We do not remove all content that glorifies eating disorders. We have worked with experts to look at certain content that may not inherently be harmful, like diet trends and make sure that we disperse them more throughout our algorithm. What about those with mental health issues? This is a more distressing content. If a user searches words that express mental health issues, we redirect them to a safety page. For example, if you, I don't know if I should say this in public, if you search, I want to die. We will redirect you to a safety page, for example. What about those suffering from addiction? Are they given more distressing content? I'm sorry Congressman, I missed that question. What about those suffering from addiction? Are they given more distressing content? I missed the first few guys, I'm apologize. What about those suffering from addiction? Are they given more distressing content? Those suffering from addiction. Addiction. Do you mean drug addiction or any order of addiction? If people search for content and you can try on a variety of subjects, we will actually direct you to a safety page to give you more resources. A lot of recovering addicts have found the communities on TikTok and have found their voices and the courage to really overcome addiction. I personally have heard stories of that. I appreciate your answers, but I was looking for yes or no, and we did not get those. Again, I think the more that they watch this distressing content, the more profit TikTok makes, and that's distressing. Gentlemen, yields back. Chair recognizes the gentleman from Michigan, Mr. Wahlberg, for five minutes. Thank you, Madam Chair. And we're glad that you're here, Mr. Chu. As Chair Rogers and Representative Burgess mentioned this morning, the Wall Street Journal reported that China will firmly oppose any force sale or the best of sure of TikTok. And this is based not on conjecture, but it's based on comments provided by the official spokesperson at the Ministry of Commerce, who said that any TikTok sale or spin-off would amount to a technology export and would have to hear to Chinese law and approval. This spokesperson was quoted as saying that Chinese, and I quote, the Chinese government will make decisions according to the law, the Chinese government. Mr. Chu, do you agree with this official? Yes or no? Congressman, I cannot speak on behalf of the Chinese government official. Do you agree with that official? We would need to look at this, because Project Texas is designed to move forward here in the United States, and we are not discussing this, so I don't have specifics. Your company has valued it upwards of $50 billion, and has been on the verge of force sale or ban for three years, at least, correct? Do you expect this committee to believe you haven't already discussed this scenario with your team, and you should have an answer to this. Yes or no, I agree with a Communist Party, or I don't agree with a Communist Party. So, I guess I would say at that point, you disagree with a Communist Communist Party. Explain your discrepancy. Congressman, for two years, we spent a billion and a half US dollars to build Project Texas. This is after very extensive discussions with Project Texas. Project Texas is just something expanded for the future. We're talking about now. We're talking about what you're doing now, what your expectations are now, what your relationship is with the Communist Party, which is our major concern of what the impact that will be with a country. Let me rephrase that with a Communist Party that doesn't care about America and sees us as standing in their way for superpower. That's our concern and for you to have direct ownership with byte dance, and to not have a characterization or an agreement or disagreement that you say explicitly with this party policy. It's hard for us to believe what you're saying. Let me move on. Following up on what Mr. Lada asked about data access by Chinese engineers, and responding to Mr. Lada, you talked about where American user data would be stored in the future. But the question was about access today, storage in the future versus access today. This is total redirection. This blows up any trust we could desire to develop. So to be clear, Mr. Chu, today, do byte dance employees in Beijing have access to American data? Congressman, we have been very open about this. We have relied on global interoperability. You have access to American data. Congressman, I'm answering your question if you give me just a bit of time. We rely on global interoperability and we have employees in China. So yes, the Chinese engineers do have access to global data. We have access to global data. We have heard. Not storage. No, storage has always been in Virginia and Singapore. The physical service. You have no access to storage to American data today. That's not what I said. I said, so you do have access to American data and you have storage of American data. The American data has always been stored in Virginia and Singapore in the past. And access of this is on an S-quired basis, as engineers globally, by engineers for business purposes. Is this a private-byte dance? The Communist Party? No. No. Why? How can you say that? If they have access to business. This is a private business. And like many other businesses, many other American companies, we rely on the global workforce. So the global workforce that includes byte dance, which is connected directly to the Chinese Communist Party. That is the characterization that we disagree with. No. That's not what we can disagree with. That's a fact. It's not, unfortunately. The CEO of byte dance. And your relationship to them. Congressman, respectfully. In my opening statement, I said, this is a private company. It's owned 60% by global investors. Three out of the five foreign members on byte dance are Americans. This is a private business. You report directly to byte dance with a CEO who is a member of the Communist Party. Let me move on. I think we got the answer. Sadly, at this point, I believe my time has expired, so I yield back. Gentlemen, yields back. Chair recognizes Ms. Clark for five minutes. Thank you, Chairwoman Rogers. Thank the ranking member. Along for holding today's hearing. Throughout this hearing. I also want to think I witness. For being here to testify on what are very important issues before us today. Throughout this hearing, my colleagues have outlined the potential threat posed by the security of American's data by TikTok being affiliated in some would say owned by a Chinese company. Foreign adversaries having direct access to American's data, as well as the ability to influence this content. American C on a prolific social media platform represents an unprecedented threat to American security and to our democracy. However, the problems of social media platforms content moderation algorithmic discrimination and safety are neither new nor unique to TikTok. Mr. Chu, I share the concerns raised by my colleague Congresswoman Matzui related to algorithms. I believe that without mitigation against bias platforms will continue to replicate exacerbate discrimination that is illegal under civil rights law, as well as exclude important dialogue about sensitive topics like race from occurring on the platform. For example, I was disturbed by reports that TikTok content moderation algorithm flagged words like black or black lives matter as inappropriate content. So my first question, Mr. Chu, do you agree that platforms like TikTok should be subject to regular audits or transparency requirements to identify whether policies have a disparate impact on communities that are protected classes like race, religion, national origin, or gender. I think, Congresswoman, I think platforms should be very transparent on what they do there and disclose a lot of information. We can get back on the specifics of what we mean by an audit, but I do agree very strongly that platforms should be very transparent and it's a commitment that we're giving to this committee and all our users. That our platform will be a place for freedom of expression. We embrace all diverse points of view, all ethnic minorities. You can come and say whatever you want, as long as you don't violate the rules of safety that we put in place. And we will also commit to be free of all and any government manipulation. So I think I'm in strong agreement with a lot of what you said. Well, thank you. My bill, the Agarhythmic Accountability Act would require platforms to be transparent about their algorithms, measure disparate impact, and require risk mitigation. It is vital that the diverse culture of the United States is reflected online, but I'm concerned the algorithms and content moderation practices employed by TikTok are ignorant to the fundamental diversity while also failing to remove content that is harmful like child sexual abuse material hate speech or domestic terrorism content. My next question to you is it's my understanding that users must be in good standing to be eligible for compensation from TikTok's creator fund. For example, they can't have violated community guidelines is this correct? There are some details there, but directionally yes. If TikTok's algorithm is flagging content incorrectly resulting in creators violating community guidelines, when in fact they have not those creators would not be eligible to receive compensation under the creator fund correct. We do have an appeals process. You have an appeals process. Okay. In my view, if TikTok employs algorithms that disproportionately misremove content from black creators. It's disproportionately silences and excludes black creators from compensation opportunities. And this problem happens in parallel to the lack of adequate recognition, attribution, and compensation to black creators for their content. The exploitation, cultural misappropriations, the erasure of black creators ownership of their fashion, art, and media is nothing new. We need transparency accountability and bold action to mitigate against misinformation, bias, and exclusion of certain communities from the opportunities present on platforms like TikTok. So let me just say this. I'm concerned about transparency. I am concerned about algorithmic accountability. And I'm not clear that your organization holds those values. So I want to ask that you take a look at this because this is all part and parcel of what we're concerned about with respect to social media platforms and the misappropriation, the ways in which those algorithms can discriminate within the context of the social media platform. With that, Madam Chair, I yield. Congressman, is it okay if I just very quickly respond? This is a very important topic. Unfortunately, we only have four and a half hours with you. And I'm going to try to get to every minute. So we're going to keep going. It is very important. I would love to follow. There will be other opportunities. The lady yields back, gentlemen, from Georgia, Mr. Buddy Carter's recognized for five minutes. Thank you, Madam Chair. Mr. Crew, welcome to the most bipartisan committee in Congress. We may not always agree on how to get there, but we care about our national security. We care about our economy, and we sure as heck care about our children. We sure do. And that's why you're here today because two-thirds of all the youth in our country are on your app. They spend an average of 95 minutes on your app. And you know, research has shown that TikTok is the most addictive platform out there. And the reason for that, as we've been told, is because it has the most advanced algorithm. In the Chinese Communist Party knows this, and I don't speak for everyone, but there are those on this committee, including myself, who believe that the Chinese Communist Party is engaged in psychological warfare. Through TikTok, to deliberately influence US children. You know, you see behind me, if you'll look behind me, Mr. Crew, you see some of the challenges that we've seen on TikTok. You know about them. You know about the milk crate. You know about the blackout challenge. You know about the Nyquil Chicken Challenge, the Benaduril Challenge, the Dragon's Breath Liquid Nitrogen Trend. Are the Challenge that promotes Carthep? I want to ask you, as I understand it, there's a sister app in China. Do I can... I'm sorry if I'm butchering the pronunciation. Do they have these same things over there? Do they have these kind of challenges in China? I'm really glad you asked this question. Do they? Yes or no? I'm not sure. Well, come on now. You're not sure. I really am not sure. Remember you too? The chair lady said you got to tell the truth, okay? Do you know whether they have these kind of challenges like this over in China? Because it's my understanding they don't. I am not sure because I spend my energy running TikTok. And you don't look at any of your other competitors or look at anything similar to yours. So you don't know whether they have... they don't have this over in China. We have it here, but they don't have it here. And that's why I'm asking you this. Why is it that TikTok consistently fails to identify and moderate these kinds of harmful videos? Why is it? Why is it that you allowed this to go on? We've already heard God bless you from parents who are here with us, who have lost children. I submit to you everybody up here cares about the children of this country. Tell me, tell me why. This is a real industry challenge and we're working very hard. No, no, it's a industry. This is TikTok. We're talking about TikTok. We're talking about why is it that you can't control this? Although I believe in giving credit where credit's to, I want to thank you. It's my understanding that the video that threatened life with a chairwoman has been removed. Thank you for doing that. Sorry we had to bring it to your attention here, but it's been removed. Tell me why. This goes on. This is an industry challenge for all of us here operating in the country. I want to shift gears real quick. I want to talk about biometric matrix. And I want to talk specifically. Can you tell me right now? Can you say with a hundred percent certainty that TikTok does not use the phone's camera to determine whether the content that elicits a pupil dilation should be amplified by the algorithm? Can you tell me that? We do not collect body, face or voice data to identify our users. We do not. The only face data that you get that we collect is when you use the filters to have some glasses on your face, we need to know where your eyes are. Why do you need to know what the eyes are if you're not seeing if they're dilated? And that data is stored on your local device and deleted after use if you use it for facial again, we do not collect body, face or voice data to identify our users. I find that hard to believe is our understanding that they're looking at the eyes. How do you determine what age they are then? We rely on age gating as our key age is your age gating, which is when you ask the user what age they are, we have also developed some tools where we look at the public profile to go through the videos that they post to see whether that's creepy. Tell me more about that. It's public. So if you post a video that you choose that video to go public, that's how you get people to see your video. We look at those to see if you in matches of the age that you talked about. Now this is a real challenge for our industry because privacy versus age assurance is a really big problem. Look, look, you keep talking about industry. We're talking about TikTok here. We're talking about children dying. Do you know any children have died because of this? Do you have any idea? Can you tell me? How many children in America have died because of challenges like this? The majority of people who use health platform use it for positive experiences. That's not what I asked you. I asked you. Tell me the number of children of US children who have died because of these challenges. Again, the majority of people who come on our platform get a good experience. I'm not talking about the majority of children. I want to know a number. Dangerous changes are not allowed in our platform. If we find them, we will remove them. We take this very seriously. Obviously, you found one today and you removed it. We had to bring it to your attention and I know I'm out of time. Thank you for being here. Welcome again to the most bipartisan committee in Congress. Gentlemen, yields back. We will now take a brief recess and resume in 10 minutes. The committee stands recess. You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You McKel tester California Mr. Cardenas or five minutes Carden sorry that's good Thank you madam chairwoman I appreciate this opportunity for this committee to have this important hearing Regarding tiktok and its effect on the American people especially the American children and the potential effect not potential But the effects that it has had and may have in the future when it comes to our democracy and misinformation and disinformation That permeates on tiktok. It's unfortunate that I think most Americans or most parents think that tiktok is this Innocent little thing where kids get on there and they do a little dance or something like that But tiktok is much much more as some of my colleagues and I thank them for bringing up some of these serious issues literally life and death issues that tiktok is right in the middle of and also What I'd like the witness to acknowledge is that it appears that Miss kamik my colleague Brought up those two posters and since then Tiktok has taken them down since then not before then are you aware of that mr. Chiu I was brief doing the break that they are taken down obviously How do you feel about the fact that they were it was up for apparently 40 some days 41 days and yet in the middle of this hearing it was brought directly to your attention and as a result It has been taken down so quickly It goes to show the enormous challenge that we have to make sure that although the vast majority of the users Comfort good experience. We need to make sure that bad actors don't post violated And the way mr. Chiu that you can make sure is that you can make sure that you Choose to invest more resources more money into more ability to pull down Damaging and deadly information from your platform Are you investing more and more and more every day into Bringing down that kind of content. That's my question. Are you Yes, and I'm committed to investing more in this in this regard to stay on top of the growth right here in the United States Many many languages are used and spoken for example Tiktok in the United States is being used in many languages Specifically when it comes to Spanish language are you dedicating more resources today than you did months ago Years ago on making sure that you are coming through that content to make sure that if content is dangerous or damaging or deadly You are bringing it down as quickly as possible Yes, we are investing in more Spanish language content moderation and yes, we will once we identify Okay, relative content will take it down as soon as possible Thank you, and your testimony today isn't the only opportunity for you to Commit to answering questions to this committee. So I'd like you to forward to this committee Again, I'm not asking for trade secrets, but I would like to get some semblance of understanding is to How much you are investing with the number of bodies the number of people the number of resources and making sure that you are Investing more in pulling down content that is either deadly or dangerous on your platform Can you forward that to the committee and I will check the might you get back to you on this content. Thank you very much Appreciate that opportunity As was mentioned earlier It might sound a little funny, but you have in fact been one of the few people to unite this committee members Republicans and Democrats To be an agreement that we are frustrated with tiktok we're upset with tiktok And yes, you keep mentioning that there are industry issues that not only tiktok faces, but others You remind me a lot of Mike Zuckerberg He when he came here. I said to my staff he reminds you Fred Astaire good dancer with words And you are doing the same today a lot of your answers are a bit nebulous. They're not yes or no So I'd like to ask you a question Yes or no Is your revenue going up at tiktok Month over month or year over year Yes, I'll revenue is going up okay over year and with that Some of the answers I'd like you to forward this committee is are you investing more and more money into making sure that content that is dangerous and or deadly You're investing more and more resources in that aspect of your expenditures and your commitment to your users and to your your organization Yes, I commit to that and we will we are investing more and we will continue to do that. Okay My last question is this Are you a Chinese company tiktok is a company that's now headquartered in Singapore and Los Angeles Okay, we are not available in mainland China I would use this in other countries around the world. Okay. Is there a corporation that has any authority above tiktok Tiktok is the subsidiary of bite dance which is founded by a Chinese founder Uh-huh, and bite dance is a Chinese company Well Bite dance owns many businesses that operate in China. Is it or is it not a Chinese company Congressman the way we look at it. It was founded by Chinese I'm not asking you how you look at it fact. Is it a Chinese company or not? For example, Dell is a company. It's an American company. They have activities all over the world is It a Chinese company. I frequently have this discussion with others on what is a company that is now global That's okay. I prefer you answer the question and stop dancing verbally on it. Madam chair. My time is expired Thank you very much General Mangiel's back chair recognizes gentleman from California. Mr. Oble notty. Well, thank you very much Mr. Chu. It's nice to see you again Uh If I could just bring us back up to 30,000 feet for a second. I just want to talk about what we're afraid of here You know what what we fear might happen Social media companies and Tiktok as you can this is not unique in this Gather a tremendous amount of user data and then use powerful AI tools To use that data to make eerily accurate predictions of human behavior and then Seek to manipulate that behavior. That's something that it's not just tiktok. It's all our social media companies that are doing this Ultimately the solution is to enact comprehensive federal data privacy legislation that will prevent that kind of behavior Or at least allow users to consent to it and that's as I know something that the chair is working on the ranking member I hope that this committee will act on that this year the specific concern here though As regards tiktok is that this type of capability falling into the hands of foreign countries Uh is something that has national security implications and that's why Congress is getting involved on this issue So I know that you have proposed project Texas in an effort to alleviate these fears So I wanted to ask some specific technical questions about project Texas and the way that you believe that it will solve this problem So one of the things that you've said in your testimony is that part of project Texas Will have engineers at Oracle going through the source code for tiktok How large is that code base? Well, it's not small but it's not just Oracle Congressman We are also inviting other third party monitors where in the process of figuring out who the best Sure, so we talk about we talk a million tens of millions of lines of code. How big is the base? It is significant But it's something that we believe can be done and again, I want to say that I don't I have not heard of another Another company American or not Love for this to happen that I mean you're kind of at any unique position having to answer these concerns of Congress So are they going through the code for just the app or the app and the server code? I can get back to you on the technical details But this is is comprehensive including the software that powers the A lot of the software that powers the experience and how long will that review take? I need to get back to you on the timeline But we are progressing quite well on project Texas and whenever we hit a milestone I commit to be very transparent about it. Okay So I'm wondering Because I'm also concerned As a software engineer about the process in which new code is introduced into the code base Do you use a software configuration management system at tiktok? The way we plan for new code to be done is that even before the code becomes live it has to be reviewed The changes have to be reviewed Okay, so you're talking about a code review that was that was good. There was another question I had for you So the code review is it done with a team of engineers or just with a single engineer? Oh, it's going to be a team effort. Okay. Yeah, and that's that's going to be done at Oracle or elsewhere It's it's going to be done in one of our transparency centers so that we you know We still need to make sure that the code itself is secure and okay So yeah, what I'm hearing you say is that even though the code might be written by someone not in the United States Before the code is integrated it'll be reviewed in a code review by a team of engineers within the United States That's the plan okay, and this back to the question about the software configuration management system How do you how do you manage the integration of that code change into the rest of the tiktok code base? The long and short of it is we have built a team of American personnel With security credentials the person who leaves the team used to work for the secret I mean, there's a software solution for integrating those code changes into the code base. What's what solution is that? I wouldn't need to check anything get back to you on the details Well, specifically what I'd like to know is to make sure that this isn't something that tiktok is has created Custom which many companies do because that would mean that you'd have to review the code source code for that as well Yeah, how do you protect about against threats like the malicious actor being hired not by tiktok but by By Oracle for example or by By usds the approach them most company take for these things is to have several layers of monitoring to make sure that Everything everything that somebody has reviewed is a secondary review so that one malicious actor is Not able to create the damage than the malicious actor can do but you rightly pointed out these kind of problems are industry-wide problems Every company has to do with them. Okay. Well, let me ask a specific question about that. I mean I I In thinking about if I if I were a malicious actor a software engineer on one of your projects How I would go about writing a malicious code? I wouldn't put it right there and say hey, I'm malicious I would put unrelated lines of code in different sections of the code that work together to do something malicious. How do you think that that could get caught? Again, you know, we have to rely on third-party experts to help us with that I think there are enough experts who can catch a lot of these things the work on security globally on all data security is never perfect But we can we can have a lot of oversight to keep it safer than any other experience I appreciate the effort My concern mr. Chiu is I don't believe that it is technically possible to accomplish what tiktok says It will accomplish through project Texas. I just think that there are too too many Backdoors through that process to allow that to be possible and I think a malicious actor would succeed in Inserting malicious code in there if they wanted to but I hope we I see where at a time I hope we get an opportunity to talk some more about this I yield back Mountain chair gentleman yields back chair recognizes the General lady from michigan. Mrs. Dingell provided thank you chairman rogers and ranky member plone for holding this hearing And to mr. Chiu for testifying here today. You're good news. You're halfway through with me A screen time increases so do inherent risks and with the proliferation and popularity of new social media platforms So does the potential to reach of dangerous provocative and often harmful content And my fear the abuse of collected data as a representative from the state of michigan I can speak from experience on how social media has been used to target members of the michigan delegation Including a palette to kidnap our governor and how it can be weaponized to perpetuate harms towards individuals and communities And you saw firsthand how it targeted the chair of this committee Today many of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle have raised legitimate concerns about protecting children online misinformation and securing our data Concerns that I share and has been said by many of my colleagues are bipartisanly shared I think of many ways these myriad of issues highlight the need for comprehensive data privacy Legislation that would ensure the safety and integrity of every americans data on every social media platform and mitigate potential harms One important area of concern. I have regarding data collection is geo location data And how it can be abused. I've seen it abused. I have seen women die because it has been abused This subject has dangerous implications for survivors of domestic violence people seeking medical care and protecting children from potential predators Mr. Chu when your testimony you wrote that current Versions of the app do not collect precise or approximate GPS information from us users. Yes or no answers, please Mr. Chu have any prior versions of tiktok's app collected precise PS information from us users. Yes or no? Yes from back in 2020 that about three years ago Are there currently tiktok users who still hold old versions of the app that collect precise GPS information from us users? Yes or no, that could be but that's a small percentage Still dangerous has tiktok at any time fed precise GPS information collected from us users into algorithms to serve user ads Yes or no I would need to check on the details because we do not currently collect that so I need to check on the details Yeah, I'm sure there isn't yes there, but has tiktok at any time fed precise GPS information collected from us users Intel and logarithms. I know I'm happy. Talk today to make inferences about users. Yes or no? I'm not sure of that specific I'd like answers yes or no after this as tiktok at any time sold precise GPS information collected from us users. Yes or no? We do not sell data to data progress if that's the question that and you've never done that I don't know police are tiktok at any time sold or shared with third parties or a lot of erratic references that were made using in part or in whole precise GPS information collected from us users yes or no A congressman I need to check on these specifics what I can tell you is right now we do not collect precise GPS location data in the United States All right, does tiktok still use inferences that were made using in part or in whole Precise GPS information collected from us users I'm sorry. Would you repeat that? Does tiktok still use inferences that you've gained that were made using in part inner hole Precise GPS information collected from us users in your algorithm That will be a very technical question. I will have to check and get back to you As tiktok at any time provided the Chinese government with either precise P-information collected from us users or inferences made from that data that I can give you a straight-up no Mr. Chu even in congress even if congress were to be in tiktok I'm concerned that China or others would still have access to us consumer data By purchasing it purchasing it through data brokers. Will you commit not to sell any of tiktok's data to data Data brokers now or in the future We do not do that we do not sell data to data brokers now Will you commit to not do it in the future? This is a certain members of industry who do this you know, I think this has to be broad legislation to help us the whole industry address this problem I think I'm out of time. Thank you madam chair. I'll yield back generally yields back Share yields five minutes to the gentleman from Alabama mr. Palmer Thank you when The Chinese communist government bought a share of bite dance that it's been described as is the Chinese communist Governments way of quieter form of control and that companies have a little choice And selling a stake to the government If they want to stay in business and what I'd like to know is when the Chinese communist government moved to buy shares of a bite dance Were you informed beforehand? Yes or no No Congressman bite dance that were were you or anyone with tiktok ask for your opinion about the sale of shares of bite dance To the Chinese communist government Yes or no it just these hasn't happened Did you or anyone employed by or affiliated with tiktok state any objections or concerns about the possibility the Chinese Communist government once they Had shares and bite dance exercise and control over content Using your platform for conducting misinformation campaigns or restrictions and suing nothing as posted reflex badly on the Chinese Communist government or for surveillance and data collection for use against anyone Did any of your you or anyone affiliated with tiktok raise any concerns about that Congressman we do not collect we do not ask you that we do not promote did you raise any concerns about it because that's why we're here But we do not promote or remove any content at the behalf of the Chinese government Communicate in any form of fashion with the directors of bite dance That there might be concerns about Government control over content did yes or no did you either did or you didn't Congressman, I just wanted to make this clear We do not remove or promote content at the request of the Chinese government Tiktok insiders have already said that the company is tightly controlled by bite dance it even gets down to the hours they work So obviously you didn't say anything there's a serious concern by Chinese companies privately held companies About Doing anything against what the Chinese Communist government wants. I want to ask you this does tiktok screened against manipulative content from child predators Yes or no do we screen do you screen against them? Yeah, we do this about drug credit the drug cartels drug cartels child-pairdury content You have a drug cartel that was engaged in a police chase With Spanish authorities and they posted it on tiktok and got over a million views Why wasn't that taken down and are you doing it with human traffickers or terrorists? I mean Do you With old content from nations that might be committing crimes against humanity? Yes, no cook is my will platform is a freedom of expression and uses come here and talk about that But yes or no do you screen against content? From nations that commit crimes against humanity a congressman. I will use this comment. Yes or no Yes, sir. No comment present any points of use to go on and it's a commitment to keep this Yeah, Michael Beckerman who is your vice president and head of public policy for the Americas, right? Is he part of the team that helped you prepare for this meeting? Yes or no? Can I clarify who you mean Michael Beckerman? Yes, yes. Okay. Where is he at this moment? I'm sorry. Where's mr. Beckerman at this moment? He's probably here. No, you know he's here. He's sitting right behind you. I want to know why When mr. Beckerman was on with Jake Tapper on CNN and asked repeatedly To condemn Chinese treat Chinese communist government's treatment of the Wiggers When that treatment has been classified been the United States as a genocide one a UN report classified As a crime against humanity why after multiple questions mr. Beckerman refused to address that Are you afraid of the Chinese communist government? No, because you can find that content and I'll platform any content that I'll use this one Well, why could your vice president's public policy? really available on the guy who is head of public policy for the Americas and and in an American on an American television news channel Why couldn't he say Why couldn't he condemn that? I think he's very important to look at our platform And if you use out and open our ad and search for any content about your personnel now Because personnel is policy Everybody in this room understands that Except maybe you Curson all this prolet me let me just conclude with this And I hate to bring this up because I this is part of the stuff that I've said but this section is fundamental The Chinese Communist Party's political intelligence and military strategy And you have repeatedly used the word transparency throughout this hearing and every time you've said it What I've heard is deception now you'll back Gentlemen yields back chair recognizes gentleman from Texas mr. Vc for five minutes. Thank you madam chair I gotta tell you mr. Chiu As a father of a sixteen-year-old that like social media Uh The a lot of your evasiveness today in answering many of these questions really disturbs me Of because I can tell you that The teenagers of today they really don't want to be on Facebook. They they won't they won't your platform And you were asked to come before this committee To testify about many things and and a lot of us are worried about our kids personal data Um as the co-chair of the congressional voting rights caucus also worry that Tick-tock is the world's most powerful and an extensive propaganda machine allowing the Chinese Communist Party to use tick-tucks platform to influence public opinion and undermine The integrity of our democratic elections and I have a report Called tick-tock and Facebook failed to detect election distant formation in the US while YouTube succeeds And this report was published by the nonprofit global witness and the cyber security for democracy team at NYU and the purpose of the study was to test Platforms like tick-tock and whether or not they can detect and take down false political ads targeted at us voters young voters Ahead of last year's midterm elections and according to this report 90% of election disinformation ads tested were approved by your platform Again, that is 90% of ads containing false and misleading election misinformation Went undetected own tick-tock and just to add some color to the type of misleading ads that were approved by tick-tock This included ads that were live on tick-tock that said the wrong election day and actually encourage people To vote twice you do know the voting twice is a felony Mr. Chu you do know there's legal to vote twice Congressman any misinformation that comes around a political action is something we take very seriously I'm particularly sure about this type of information Because it can run rampant on tick-tock and given that tick-tock again y'all are appealing to a very young and diverse user base that is exactly The people that we've seen targeted time and time again with voter suppression campaigns run by malicious actors a mr. Chu Do you agree with me that is that is completely unacceptable that 90% of these ads were undetected on your platform And can you detail for us right now tick-tock's policy regarding election misinformation and paid political ads and how the company monitors such information And how you plan to get that number down to zero Well, sticktock is a place for our users to come and express their points of views freely We do take misinformation dangerous misinformation Particularly around an election very seriously and we work with third-party experts to identify Miss information and you call allowing 90% of false content political content on your platform to be Take it called you call that you define that as being taken seriously. I I need to look into the specifics. I I'm you know not sure where the number came from but I can tell you Congressman that we are the only platform that I know of that doesn't actually take political ads I don't we don't accept money. I don't think other platforms can say that mr. Chu. Can you detail how you respond it to that report Did you respond to that report that I just mentioned I need to look at the specifics of the report congressman and I can get back to you on that Mr. Chu I want to shift to a project Texas. I know that we've discussed this initiative throughout today's hearing But I want to dive deeper into your notion that promises about project Texas should give us any confidence and tick-toxability to Localize US data and discontinue access to that data to bite dance employees in China Why because we've already had a tic-toc executive repair appear before Congress and give sworn testimony about the comfort that we should take in tic-tox US-based resources Well tic-toc Data security practices were being scrutinized by the US government and unfortunately We've since found out From a from journalists and recorded conversations that those assurances were Were worthless in your testimony You also mentioned that Oracle has already begun inspecting tic-tox source code and has access to the platforms Recommendation algorithm Why should this give the American public any great assurances particularly Given that Oracle now owns a stake in tic-tock and sends the gain monetarily The more revenue that tic-toc and its algorithm generates Congressman not only is project tactics unprecedented in our industry in protecting us user data and interests We are inviting third parties to come in and monitor this and we will You know be transparent in that process and this is more beyond that most company all companies that I know of my industry. Thank you Madam Chair amount of time Gentlemen you're back chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida for five minutes mr. Dunn Thank you very much Madam chair mr. Chiu. I'm aware that on arriving in DC this week you appeared on tic-tock and posted you had 150 million us users five million us businesses that that represents a lot of data You also referenced your appearance before this committee as a chance to share all the tic-tock is doing to protect Americans using the app mr. Chiu has bite dance spied on Americans at the direction of the Chinese Communist Party No I'm mad at you. I'd like to enter into the record this October 20th 22 forms article entitled tic-tock parent bite dance plan to use tic-tock to monitor the physical location of specific us without objections or thank you uh The project assigned that this to a Beijing leader team and they were going to follow individual American citizens. I ask you again mr. Chiu Has bite dance spied on American citizens. I don't think the spying is the right way to describe it This is ultimately we can differ on that. This is ultimately an internal investigation Or bite dance data that is viewed stored or passes through China Is subject to the laws of China one party authoritarian state hostile to all American standards of privacy China's court system reports to and falls under the Chinese Communist Party And like fentanyl analogues between all know are also manufactured in China. Although they are illegal there I fear tic-tac will tic-tac will grow into a much bigger problem a cancer if you will I'm deeply worried it may be too late to stop the spread of this cancer Like fentanyl another China export which causes addiction and death Dangerous algorithms and Chinese Communist Party are not good for Americans not good for families And definitely not good for the United States mr. Chiu prior to serving as the cfo of bite dance you served as a cfo and director global operations for show me from 2015 to 21 is that correct? Are you asking me in 2015 very good to mind repeating that piece madam chair. I'd like to Enter another article into evidence This is from the national cyber security center in Lithuania without objection Thank you this report outlines numerous data security risk including how the privacy of European users was violated in clear cases of unauthorized collection of user data by show me This sounds exactly what many of my colleagues have been talking about today Worse yet to show me phones sold to Europeans had a list of 449 words and phrases which would be automatically censored on the device censored phrases included the voice of America and democratic movement among others This analysis was conducted on devices which are manufactured and sold to Europeans while you were the head of operations for show me It does not follow that you expect us to believe That you would not censor i'll be half of the Chinese Communist Party since you've already done so I want to be unequal vocal on this we do not remove all promote content on the tiktok your words strives to deliver on their mission to inspire creativity and bring joy to American users I assure you that is not the mission or goal of the Chinese Communist Party Which runs the people's Republic of China that tiktok's parent company bite dancers domiciled it Mr. President you can check with all users that to see the world that they're getting You have not given straight forward answers We don't find you credible on these things Uh, and with that Madam Chair i'd like to yield a balance. Come on, Chris. But you have given me no time to answer your questions I reject the characterization I yielded to the urban on Dr. Dunn Mr. Obernolte Okay, well, thank you Madam Chair Mr. Chu I'd like to continue our discussion of project Texas if we could part of project Texas is that Engineers at Oracle will review the algorithms Used by tiktok to confirm that they're free of foreign influence Uh, I have a question about that because we're talking about AI that's a very generic term do you use machine learning to influence the algorithms that Tiktok This gets very technical and we have published several blocks about this which I can forward to your team Okay, but yes, it's mainly based on interest signals, right? Okay, so here's my question How could looking at the algorithm Confirm that it's for free from foreign influence because the algorithm is just a neural net architecture with inputs and outputs and weights And how to train that I mean the the influences an external factor So I'd appreciate it if you could if you could give us I see where out of time again I written answer to that, but again, I'm concerned that what you're proposing with project Texas Just doesn't have the technical capability of providing us the assurances that we need I owe back Madam Chair General and yields back chair recognizes mr. Custer Miss barrigan for five minutes Thank you Madam chair Mr. Chu Tiktok warns users when content is graphic or disturbing and label state affiliated media accounts to ensure the viewers aren't seen propaganda This tiktok provides similar information to Spanish speakers users as well as English speakers I believe so congressman. I will get back to you on that Okay, and do you know if tiktok has a specific strategy for tackling Spanish language content that violates its trust and safety guidelines We do I will get back to you on the specifics on that Okay When offensive English language search terms or hashtags are blocked for violating community guidelines in English Is the Spanish translation of the term or the hashtag automatically blocked as well? I I believe so, but let me check the specifics and I'm back to you Do you have any idea how many people that you might have working at tiktok that addresses Spanish misinformation? I know ballpark. It's quite a significant team, but I can get back to you on the significant on the details You said significant. So are you saying it's You have a ballpark at all you can give us would you say it's like 10% of your force or it's an important number So I want to be precise and I'll get back to you Okay, do you happen to know how tiktok How if a tiktok can effectively ensure that Spanish speaking users between the ages of 13 and 17 are not being targeted by ads promoting harmful content We have very strict policies for our users who are in the teenage age group and Regardless of what language they to speak so we want to make sure that they are given a very safe experience on our platform regardless of the language day Well, I know I'm just trying to I'm trying to ascertain resources you may be putting in to Spanish speaking and Spanish language last year the congressional Hispanic caucus met with tiktok This was one of the conversations and a source of the discussion was addressing Spanish language dis information and misinformation it remains an urgent priority for the congressional Hispanic caucus as As Hispanics across the country increasingly turned to social media Provided information we heard earlier in this hearing that there was you know video There was a tiktok post threatening the chair of the committee and it took some 40 days To take it down. So I guess I'm a little concerned If you if your team doesn't have the resources and the capability to flag that What kind of capability is it going to have to bring down misinformation disinformation to Spanish speakers which I'm assuming is a smaller A fraction of the workers that you have a tiktok Uh take talk is a place for you know all our users to come and express their very diverse views and you know We we are opened all ethnicities, you know, and we are opened all Everyone to come here and express their freely express their views So it is our commitment to make sure that the safety of those users regardless of the language You know and of course, you know the Spanish and angrily are user-based is super important to us Okay, so you need to make sure that we continue to okay, so you don't you don't have an answer then Okay, I will look forward in your coming you're coming back We've heard a lot about the the concerns um about children Who maybe on tiktok mr. Chu at what age do you think it would be appropriate for a young person to Get on tiktok We have three different experiences here in the United States There is an experience for under 13's which is I'm asking what you think Would be the appropriate age to have a child get on tiktok our approach is to give Differentiated experiences for different age groups and let the parents have these conversations with their children to decide what's best for their family So you think that there is a sufficient Safety mechanism for an eight-year-old to be able to access tiktok and eight years experience on tiktok will be so highly Restricted that every single piece of content he or she will see will be vetted by common sense our third party child safety expert in The the aid you will not be able to post and the aid you will not be able to see any personalized feed and zero advertising in that experience So I believe yes, it is the appropriate experience for an aid you Well, and why don't you let your eight-year-old child on tiktok? I have seen this news articles. I would like to address that my kids live in Singapore and in Singapore We do not have the under 13 experience if they live here in the United States. I'll let them use the under 13 experience Okay, so you're saying it's because of the country you live and it doesn't have the same mechanisms Is there a reason you don't have the same mechanisms everywhere? Uh in principle we want to provide you know a good experience for our users in general We don't we don't want to monetize from people who are under 13 in the US. We are copa compliant and as part of that we will deem as a I want to get this specifics right. I want we would deem as a particular the type of audience makes audience app Make you want to make sure that that's right and As a result of that we have to provide an experience to our under 13 users in this country as well my time is expired. Thank you. I yield back yields back Chair recognizes gentleman from Utah. Mr. Curtis. Thank you madam chair Mr. Chu my children are getting ready to run a marathon and I know the durian is hearing that they'll be running for about the same amount of time That you'll be sitting in that chair today Unfortunately, I only get you for five minutes. So instead of a marathon I'd like to do a sprint with you and I want to I want to go back up to that 30,000 feet level Would you agree with me that section 230 was created to protect platforms like yours from lawsuits when you distribute information? I don't overcomplicate it just like 3000 feet. Yeah, yeah So then would you agree that there's a line drawn between publishers of of information and distributors of information In specifically in the section 230 language. I think 230 is a very complex topic. I understand Remember we're at 30,000 feet. So in short your platform Distributes content that other people's publish One of the early challengers to section 230 was when aol refused to take down a post Of somebody that had inappropriately put a phone number associated a phone number with the Oklahoma City Barmings The courts ruled that aol was not liable for that post because of section 230 Now I want you to do a hypothetical with me because I'm gonna use the absurd to try to make a point here Let's suppose hypothetically that aol Instead of just posting that actually And mad to wanted to magnify that voice and so they took out an ad in the Wall Street Journal linking that phone number with the Oklahoma City bombing And let's suppose they didn't stop there But they went further and they took out a super bowl ad linking that phone number with the Oklahoma City bombing And let's suppose hypothetically they didn't stop there They sent a flyer to every home in America and linking that phone number to the bombing And I guess the question is would aol have moved from a distributor to a publisher in this made-up example I think I think everybody can see how they would this is not a hard question moving that far away from the intent would have moved them to a publisher So my question is is Platforms are protected because they post content But I want this room to see not just you the protection has limits And if aol moves to a distributor instead of a publisher They they go outside of those limits now let's talk algorithms just super quickly We've thrown that word around a lot today. Let me let me hear again go 30,000 feet and we'll use another platform So it's so it's not sensitive, but Pinterest I like to go on Pinterest my home wife and I are building a home working on the yard right now If you went on a pit my Pinterest page you would see swing sats and things made for my grandkids now another hypothetical Let's suppose that there's some devious intent inside Pinterest and they decide they want to influence John Curtis with these algorithms and they want me to believe it's the end of the world and all of a sudden now I'm buying bomb shelters and still swing sets for my kids Have they become a publisher and I should not be protected from section 230 And if you don't feel I'm pretty sure the room understands that they have crossed this line and you can tell me if you think they have or not A course man. I will have to study that specific example and It's a hypothetical, but you can see the at some point they've crossed the line and they have become a publisher and a distributor So we've touched on this today, but I want to be super specific Is it possible that tiktok had enough data could get enough data on me That you could use artificial intelligence and your algorithms and machine learning to write an algorithm that could persuade me To change how I view a policy issue Is that possibility exist the way we look at it 30,000 feet on the sprint. I will stay very high level The way we look at it is our users come in and express whatever views it was that's not the point the point is you could write an algorithm That would change and we've actually seen the washed and post reported the stop the willow campaign Shows how tiktokers are tackling climate change. I think that's all fine. Right and all good unless Somebody has interjected into that and magnified or diminished voices in that and what I'm proposing to you today is that that pushes them across Across the line from a distributor to a publisher if they make those decisions Now serious allegations have been made against your platform and others many of them here today And you're not new to these right to these allegations. This isn't your platform, but Sometime ago there was an allegation that a platform Recommended ISIS related videos. We've talked about the weight loss videos. We've talked about we didn't talk about it But the still in the elections Whatever the motivation I'm trying to point out that as you move from a publisher buys you manipulate this data with algorithms that you step out from the protections of Section 230 Do you see that logic? This is a very complex I understand it's very complex, but you see the logic in your mind has tiktok ever stepped across the line from a distributor to a publisher Congressman again, this is a very complex topic. I will need to get back to him understand that okay And finally you very quickly you produced a video that now is well known about your visit here and today in Washington DC Can you tell me a hundred percent that no tiktok employees manually manipulated that to get more views? I I checked and as far as I know there was no boosting and heating. I went viral Organically, okay, madam chair. I'm sorry. I'm out of time. I yield my time General Moniel's back Chair recognizes Miss blunt rotchester five minutes Thank you, madam chair Mr. Chiu as I'm sure you know this hearing is part of an ongoing effort by our committee to examine data security and other Concerns with social media companies broadly and I have to tell you I came to this hearing interested to hear the actions That tiktok is taking to combat misinformation protect our young people and ensure our national security But I I'm not been reassured by anything you've said so far and I think quite frankly your testimony has raised more questions for me than answers As some of my colleagues already noted platforms like tiktok can easily manipulate and undermine user autonomy with addictive features invasive data collection practices and disseminating misinformation and disinformation That's why I will be reintroducing the detour act to mitigate this harm Mr. Chiu yes or no would you oppose legislation that banned the use of intentionally Manipulative design techniques that trick users into giving up their personal information In principle, it's just a yes or no in principle. I agree that the kind of practices is not and can tiktok users opt out of targeted ads Yes or no At this moment in time we believe that this is a very important part of the experience Yes or no time is ticking it is an important part of the experience If even if someone wants targeted ads Do you give a user a clear opportunity to prevent tiktok from using tools like pixels to collect their data and track them off of the tiktok platform? We give our users a lot of tools to control their privacy that settings on our app and by the way if you're below 16 is private by default So you cannot even go viral in August of 2022 Response to a letter. I wrote to your company on abortion misinformation Tiktok asserted several actions to address abortion misinformation In light of recent attacks on safe and effective medication abortion I'm Remained worried by this misinformation and following on mr. Gets questioning How many posts did you actually take down that contained abortion misinformation? Um Contents on views on both sides of the On abortion is allowed on our platform is just freedom of expression if it's dangerous misinformation We rely on third party experts to help us identify and remove them. I can get back to you on specifics Yes, please get back with us on the specifics Mr. Chu in your testimony you indicated tiktok has taken several steps to implement project Texas You said you've spent in your testimony 1.5 billion dollars You've hired 1,500 full-time employees. Can I ask for some specifics about the implementation This 1.5 billion dollars. What was it used for the employees where they people that you already had that you just Transferred over and what types of roles will they have? Oh, okay This a billion and a half US dollars is spread across many things including the infrastructure We have to build the migration of the data to a new cloud infrastructure You know and all the third party security partners that we're hiring and of course the new Uh employees now this team will now be run by uh gentlemen who used to be this Um who has spent his career as a chief security officer in other companies Uh and another gentleman who used to work. I believe in Um if you could just follow up with us that would be very helpful I will I will because we wouldn't really like to understand the details Where's the money going how many people are and what will they be doing? Okay, you know as I put just kind of a finer point on this one of my concerns is that we came here hoping to hear some actions That would alleviate some of our concerns in our fears we got family members We have a lot of folks here that are constituents that are content creators And for us we were looking for action We wanted to see make us feel like we really can trust as you use the word What I leave here with is thinking about the fact that Your company is I learned that you're you have personalized data Advertising for kids as young as 13 And we've heard until project Texas is supposedly stood up engineers in China still have access to personal data And that that means engineers in China have access to personal data of 13 year olds in the United States And I think That really summarizes why you see so much my partisan consensus and concern about your company And I imagine that it's not going away anytime soon. Thank you Madam Chair and I yield back General lady yields back yield to the lady from Arizona miss less go for five minutes. Thank you, Madam Chair Mr. Chu do you agree that the Chinese government has persecuted the weaker population? Congresswoman you if you use our app and you open it you will find our users who get all sorts of fun kind of stuff My question is do you agree that the Chinese government has persecuted the weaker population? Well, it's really concerning to hear about all the council human rights abuse My role here is to explain what our platform does on this is a pretty easy question Do you agree that the Chinese government has persecuted the weaker population? Congressman, I'm here to describe TikTok and what we do as a platform and as a platform We allow our users to freely express our decision. So we are here today. Well, you didn't answer the question Earlier today chairman Rogers asked you and I quote have any moderation tools been used to remove content Associated with the weaker genocide. Yes or no Your answer we do not remove that kind of content Yet in 2019 TikTok suspended the account of ferroza ease Aziz and American 17 year old after she put out a video about the weaker genocide So your answer sir does not align with history that particular case was a mismoderation I believe that video had a picture of Osama bin Laden So we thought it was content in the program. I looked it up That was a different post that they banned I can get back on specifics. Yes. My next question India banned the use of TikTok in their country in 2020 New Zealand has banned the installation of TikTok on devices connected to the country's parliamentary network Canada banned the installation of TikTok on government devices The United Kingdom has banned the TikTok app from government-owned devices Belgium banned the TikTok from government phones the European Union banned the installation of TikTok on government devices All-cited security risks with the company's data collection and connection to the Chinese Communist Party Recently our US FBI director Christopher Ray said about TikTok quote This is a tool that is ultimately within the control of the Chinese government and it to me It screams out with national security concerns Mr. Chiu How can all of these countries and our own FBI director have been wrong? I think a lot of risks that are pointed out are hypothetical and theoretical risks And I have not seen any evidence. I'm you know Eagly awaiting discussions where we can talk about evidence and we then can address the concerns that are being raised Yes, my next question revolves around an article India banned TikTok in 2020 In March 21st Forbes article revealed how troves of personal data of Indian citizens who once used TikTok Remain widely accessible to employees at the company and its Beijing-based parent bite dance A current TikTok employee told Forbes that nearly anyone with basic access to company tools including Employees in China can easily look up the closest contacts and other sensitive information about any user This tick current TikTok employee also said quote if you want to start a movement if you want to divide people If you want to do any of the operation to influence the public on the app You can just use that information to target those groups Why would a Mr. Chiu? Why would a current TikTok employee say this if It wasn't true. This is a recent article. I have asked my team to look into it as far as I know there is we have rigorous data access protocols There's really no such thing where anybody can get access to tools all right So I disagree with a lot of the conclusion Madam chair. I request unanimous consent that the Forbes March 21st 2023 article be added to the record without a doubt I have would like to turn over the rest of my time to Mr. Abernoldy Oh Thank you, Madam chair Mr. Chiu I'd like to continue asking the question that we were ran out of time last time so As part of project Texas you're going to have engineers at Oracle review the algorithms the machine learning algorithms That TikTok uses to ensure that they're free from foreign influence, but as you and I were discussing Reviewing the algorithms doesn't do anything the algorithm was simple That's not where the secret sauce is the secret sauce is in the data used to train them And the outcomes that you're asking them to predict would you agree with that? No, I actually believe that with third party monitoring you can identify a lot of the motivation of the code And with enough third party expert you can identify a lot of what the code is designed to do But how would you how would you How would you verify that you couldn't ask the algorithm for a different outcome than the one that The rest of the source code is asking for the algorithm will be trained with this gets very technical But if we train based on weights for example and and those are things that we can verify You know what weights are you putting on life? You could give us a written response to that I'd appreciate it because I'm interested. Thank you Madam chair. I yield back Lady yields back general man general lady yields back chair recognizes for five minutes gentlemen from Florida Mr. Soto Thank you, Madam chair The genie's really out of the bottle On this now so to speak a hundred and fifty Million Americans are now on Tiktok that's almost half of America They're expressing themselves in art music poetry short film comedy Among other creative expressions and many of them are inspiring talented young people But we also in the committee recognize there's a darker side to it right violence adult themes drug and alcohol sexualization Suicide all major issues on tiktok but also Twitter Facebook YouTube and other social media Platforms so the solution as I see it is To regulate tiktok and other social media platforms and that job Mr. Chiu as you know really falls to us There are real Concerns bipartisan common ground. We've already had we had a a federal device band that was voted on bipartisan in the omnibus and I've but cointroduced a bill with my dear friend a representative camick about notices of that federal ban Madam chair, I think the first key is privacy. We have to pass The comprehensive legislation that got out of this community, but alluded us in the last Congress I'm really hoping we could get that done and I'm really Excited about hearing that from folks the other thing is that Tiktok needs to be an American company with American values and and it's Ties to the Chinese Communist Party This is something that'll be critical as we look and go forward and then three We all agree we have to protect our kids the committee should consider banning the use for children under 13 of not just tiktok But also social media platforms or at least empower parents In addition have rules of the road for teens that are 13 to 17 so that families can do it's right for their Family so for privacy that's on us Internet privacy is on us as far as being an American company Mr. Tio as you know the committee on foreign investment in the United States at the Department of Treasury Reviews foreign investment that affects national security right now They've negotiated with your company about this oracle setup that you've talked about servers in American company In American Texas and then Oracle would monitor the algorithms but pressures mounting So mr. Tio would tiktok be prepared to divest from bite dance and Chinese Communist Party ties if the Department of Treasury instructed you all to do so A congressman I said in my opening statement. I think we are need to address the problem privacy I agree with you. I don't think ownership is the issue here with a lot of respect American social companies don't have a good try record with data privacy and user security I may look at Facebook and Cambridge and the litiga just one example so So I do think that you know it is not about the ownership It is a lot about making sure we have project Texas making sure that we're protecting and firewalling you as user data For my monitor foreign access Giving third parties to come in to have a look at this and making sure that Everybody is comfortable. We're giving transparency and third party monitoring and that's what we're doing for project Texas Well, I would at least encourage you all to start having the dialogue should that be Where the present in the congress ends up going that the third? Things on on parents that I had a Constituent of mine brandy of Lake known as say I'm a parent of two teenagers 14 and 18 years old Both of whom have been harmed by social media Tech talks algorithm supply my 14 year old son with a continuous stream of inappropriate content as negatively influenced His perception of all females. I noticed the attention span of both of my teens is changed or decreased dramatically And social media has made my daughter insecure leading to an eating disorder and ultimately depression What safeguards you have and what Should we tell brandy of Lake known on about how we can help her protect her children? We have a differentiated experience. I mentioned just now about the experience if you're below 13 very very restricted If you're below 13 to 17 congressmen, we actually have a whole series of things First the content that you see You know, we make sure that we remove things that could be mature themes from your from your feet We also by default do not allow under 16th to use direct messaging We do not allow under 16th to we set the accounts to private by default. They can go viral If a below 18 we shut off some features for you like for example, you're not allowed the post-life streams neither are you allowed to San virtual gifts so we take this very seriously and we want to continue to build to ensure that we're giving out under 18 teenagers on our platform Although the today they are only a minority of our of our user base today, but we still take it very seriously Mr. Chiu had encouraged you to continue thinking about how to get the word out to parents across the nation on some of these tools as well as We hear craft a privacy law that will help provide well-needed regulation and social media companies across the nation Thank you, and I yield back gentleman yields back Chair recognizes gentleman from Indiana Mr. Pence for five minutes Thank you chairwoman Rogers and ranking member plone for holding this hearing. I love both of your opening remarks Like my colleagues have discussed today are increasingly digital world leaves hosiers and all Americans in the dark about who has access to their information For tiktok users that could be third-party data brokers advertisers or the Chinese Communist Party tiktok aggressively feeds addictive content to users to glean massive amounts of personal data That's worth a fortune For hosiers watching at home. This isn't just data about your favorite sports team You know if there really are a 150 million users in the us This suggests to me that the ccp has a finger on the pulse of almost half our nation's population I find that hard to believe But this week I decided I would ask my constituents and southern indiana to share their stories with me Went out Monday night and we got 800 responses in less than 12 hours, okay? Let me share a couple of those with you One of my constituents shared I quote. I'm a mental health counselor most of my teenage clients are on tiktok They spend hours online being negatively influenced by others I've seen kids experience self-harm gender dysphoria and many mental illnesses. They have picked up from tiktok I will not allow my children to have tiktok the Creators know the algorithms are addicting our children They know that children are suffering more anxiety and depression from screen time But they do not care they will not change their algorithms because it's financially lucrative for them to keep their kids addicted Another parent said we let our child our daughter try it out The feed was continuously suggesting sexually explicit stupid and vulgar videos We discontinued it within a week and there's been many more many more like like I said 800 Okay In your testimony mr. Chiu you walk through a number of supposed actions taken by your company to create a safe environment and power parents To oversee content shown to their children, but virtually everything we've heard reflects the opposite in some of your some of your answers a little confusing You know All of those sitting here and maybe watching on c-span this is the 30 second Hearing we have held about privacy and big tech Each hearing I've been part of we've heard the same stories about our constituents experience And the same promises for big tech to do better The truth of the matter is this disgusting and dangerous content littered across your platform Is not just a file Fiable and it's uncontrollable Americans data is not safe and big tech is doing nothing to protect it Putting aside the dangers of the ccp involvement and after these 32 hearings I believe it's actually time to change the narrative change the focus and change the outcome By talking about the money you're making at tic-toc mr. Chiu I have a question. How much revenue is generated per user? Congressman we Private company and your company tell me does each user receive a comparable benefit For the amount of profit their data brings to your company We do share some revenue with some creators who produce say one-minute plus Info-mix content when am I gonna get paid For the data that you are selling or you're have you're getting revenue from advertisers When am I gonna get get paid for the data? You're getting from my children my grandchildren my neighbors I think that's the only way to get your attention is talk about the money you're making And maybe that'll get you all to do what you're supposed to do I respect and understand your opinion The vast majority of our users have a great experience. I send a video recently as well I got hundreds of thousands of comments. What am I getting? It's a great experience What about these 800 bad experience if people in the Indiana six district have been getting? We will look into them and a lot of you're gonna look into you But this is my 30 this is a 30 second big tech hearing and you're always gonna look at it Frankly, I think you're all stalling is what you're doing You're just trying to buy time while you're making the 18 billion perhaps whatever you're making I the majority of our users have a great experience and I'll platform it is our duty to keep it safe I agree with you. That's why I'll commitment is to make sure that safety I think it's I think it's your duty to pay attention to what you're doing And maybe maybe you you paying people for the information that you're getting from her is a way to get that done Thank you you back General Moniel's back chair recognizes general lady from Washington, Miss Shryer for five minutes Thank you for being here, Mr. Chu I'm really concerned about everything that we are hearing in this conversation today And I appreciate your good intentions, but the actions are really falling short As a pediatrician and the parent of a teenager I'm particularly concerned about how social media generally and tic-toc specifically Is affecting our kids and teens we just heard a lot about this from testimony from a psychologist Last year the American Academy of Pediatrics sounded the alarm about our children's mental health crisis And as a pediatrician, I know this has been going on For more than a decade in fact it tracks perfectly with social media engagement And during the pandemic teens who are missing out on in-person interactions Turned to even more to social media to connect with friends Social media is designed to be Addicting that's the business model and your platform is the most addictive of all And this endless mindless scrolling takes teens away from human relationships And here's what's important it keeps teens awake all night well past their bedtime at a time in their lives When sleep is critical for brain and physical development in fact sleep deprivation alone ignoring even content Alone can cause depression anxiety social withdrawal in attention Porsche coping skills and academic failure So mr. Choo I just want to follow up a little bit on what my colleague mr Sarbanes was discussing Um, it is your business model to keep eyes on the app to keep it addictive I know you likely have experts Who have advised you on how to design this to keep those eyes on your platform for the longest possible time So I want to know if you have psychologists or other health experts on staff looking at screen time hours of use and sleep We worked with the digital wellness lab congresswoman and at the Boston children's hospital and we came out with a 60-minute Default limit for any users under 18 Okay, that is a that is an opt out And I can tell you they're gonna immediately opt out it is addictive We also give tools smoke or not to take the next cigarette it is not gonna happen and by the way So first I have a question then I'll go go back to Boston children's um mr. Sarbanes asked earlier What is the percentage of teens who actually adhere to the 60 minute limit? I would need to check on those numbers and get back to you and specific I appreciate those numbers I'm guessing it is an incredibly low percentage who actually heed that now as far as Boston children's goes I know you're referring to them as a source for these ideas about gets you know go outside get some air take some time out But I can tell you as a pediatrician. I'm guessing their suggestions were a little stronger than that And so I'm wondering what that what is the next step? What are you doing when you find out that almost nobody is really opting out after 60 minutes To take this burden off of the kids and off of the parents And change your algorithms to make them not so hooked We give our parents as you pointed out um the family saved the family pairing tool and in that tool If you pair it with your teenagers phone You can actually set the restriction how many minutes and I we believe is very important for parents They have these conversations with their teenagers So to decide what's best for their family. I also congressman right A lot of people come to our platform to have a really informative experience Like I said there were 116 billion pieces of content on stem and we're creating a fee dedicated to that Book talk has 115 billion We've also heard today that well over 20% of the information is misinformation. We heard that about Medical remedies that are not really remedies. We've heard it about mental health topics I mean this becomes very dangerous especially when people who are not trained to think very critically are being given information and thinking that it's true And you've said many times that the destructive information isn't available to kids But it is like we keep seeing examples here And so I'm just wondering What are you going to do with the algorithms? I mean just because you're removing something that says anorexia bulimia or eating disorder That doesn't do it if you show girls repeatedly skinny bodies and advice on how to cook meals that are less than 300 calories That's dangerous We have worked with first of all All Anything that glorifies eating disorders we remove that from our platform is violated We're working with experts now. It's a challenging problem for our industry But we actually identify some identifying some of these themes that you're talking about and trying to build models where That kind of content is not chain up for the younger users So it's something we take very seriously too. We're seeing eating disorders in elementary age kids now And I need you to expedite that process as much as possible because parents out there are worried and I'm worried as a pediatrician Parents can't take themselves off of these platforms kids There's no way they're going to take themselves off and we need you to do your part it may affect your bottom line But it could save this generation I show your concerns and I commit to being more General 80 yields back Chair recognizes gentleman from Pennsylvania Mr. Joyce Thank you chair Rogers and ranking member polo for holding this hearing According to an august 2022 article on the New York Times tiktok's in app web browser can track every individual keystroke made by a user We have heard today about the various ways in which the apps code could be used to monitor or track users and likewise We've heard concerns that this data may not be fully isolated from access by the Chinese Communist Party That said I'd like to know more about the historical non-public US personal data that your company has already amassed Mr. Chu you have publicly stated that the non-public information of tiktok users in the United States is being transferred to an oracle-based cloud infrastructure Because of safety concerns Will that be completed by the end of this week by the end of this month? What's the outline for a Dealing with that data that you've already amassed All new data is already stored by default in this oracle cloud infrastructure with the same time I'm talking about the data that you've already amassed We we are in the process of deleting what timeline will that data be be able to be stored We will I believe we will be able to get it done this year. I'm highly here. Thank you It's not going to occur anytime soon to be clear until that data transfer happens User data remains accessible to the Chinese Communist Party on March 1st of this year the committee asked you When you plan to delete non-public historical US user data? Are you aware of this? Congressman, I disagree with this assessment that the Chinese government can get access to the data. It's really for No, this is a private company. This is what Chinese employees you responded you responded in writing to this committee I have the response that we got back from you on March 7 just six days later Your attorneys wrote the company I'm quoting the company plans to begin the process of Deleting non-public historic US user data this month and anticipates that the process will be completed this year You came up with a supposed plan in the summer of 2022 Specifically based on our concerns that the communist Chinese government was spying on US users But you only just came up with the idea to delete historic non-public US data just two weeks ago Let me read it again on March 7th your attorneys wrote and I quote the company plans to begin the process of Deleting non-public historical US data this month and anticipates that the process will be completed this year Mr. Chu, did you just come up with this plan only because we asked about it on March 1st? No, we started deleting this because that's what it looks like to me We would hide it in the private audience of the help of this wouldn't you agree that awaiting even minutes for this personal privacy protection Is absolutely wrong and it is not in the best interest of your users? Congressman respectfully there are many companies that use a global workforce. We are not the only one We are just taking action after hearing the delay Any other companies have not it and what we've already established about the ability of the Chinese Communist Party to access personal user data Would you agree that no US government electronic devices should have access to tiktok platform as your lackluster security currently stands? I disagree with that characterization Like I said the US Individual should be utilizing that on any government platform I think the government devices should have no social media apps to be honest and and pretend to talk to us Mr. Chu join this hearing you have mentioned several times that there is a quote different experience your words for children under the age of 13 That is correct different experience mr. Chu do you allow your children under the age of 13 to participate in tech talk? Yes or no? I did just explain this in detail This experience doesn't exist in Singapore my children live if my children lived here then yes Based on what we've heard today It's clear to me the tiktok as a company cannot be trusted and that Americans remain significantly at risk because of the tiktok app I still contend the tiktok is the spy in americans pockets I want to acknowledge that tiktok Does have the ability to make those changes but unfortunately we have not heard that from you today We have not heard a commitment to be able to protect the personal privacy that americans expect and then americans deserve Thank you madam chair and I yield to remainder of my time General moneels back chair recognizes Is trained for five minutes? Thank you madam chair Mr. Chu many big tech CEOs have sat where you're sitting Seated today and tried to run out the clock during a hearing like this one They were trained not to answer questions and just wait for the new cycle to pass so that they could get on with business as usual Those same executives want this moment tiktok's moment under the microscope to distract congress And the american people from the very real issues that exist on their platforms You have an opportunity to turn the tables on them While us based social media giants have regressed on protections for children and teens on protecting our data privacy And on embracing transparency You can lead and you should lead Last month you announced that tiktok would expand access to its researcher API But I'm concerned that your new policy could be more bark than bite That it won't actually lead to the rigorous research that we as lawmakers and that parents and every day tiktok users need In fact your terms of service demand that researchers delete their data at tiktok's unilateral direction It puts onerous restrictions on how researchers findings can be published And it only allows access to public data which research has already have access to within the app In order to actually address the content moderation and algorithmic amplification concerns that my colleagues have raised here today And that I've heard about directly from parents in my home state of Massachusetts Independent researchers not just other tech companies like Oracle need to be able to evaluate how tiktok's algorithm is making decisions to promote content Mr. Chiu will you commit to expanding your API to include data that would let researchers Investigate how your algorithm is pushing content to users whether it's showing up on your for you page the hashtag page or somewhere else We are one of the commitments I gave in the opening statement is a commitment to transparency and third party monitoring so Congresswoman I will look into the details of that and get back to you and as well as the algorithm Including data on what types of users were targeted by the algorithm so that researchers Can fully understand what content is being prioritized and who it's being pushed to Again, we have a commitment to transparency these are very important questions and I will Grab back to you on the specifics under the same proposal you require that researchers give tiktok quote Worldwide free non-exclusive and perpetual end quote rights to their papers This threatens to clash directly with well-established practices of exclusive publication rights in research journals Mr. Chiu why does tiktok need those rights? I? Will need to get back to you and that specifics if that's okay Yes, I don't see how we can expect researchers to do their work under these terms and then tout transparency I'm going to shift gears with the time that I have remaining mr. Chiu I'd like to talk about tiktok's efforts to protect children and young users in 2021 the UK's age appropriate design code went into effect mandating 15 standards that companies like You need to follow to protect children on your platform You still operate in the united kingdom, which means you should be in compliance with this code So my question is simple will you commit to extending the protections currently afforded children in the UK To the millions of kids and teens who use your app here in the united states We take the safety of the younger users and our platform very seriously Every good way to prove it every country is a little bit different in context and in So let me let me look at the specifics and bring some of the best practices across the world but Well those best practices are in You're being executed around the world. We just want the same for our kids here in the united states I mean Mr. Chiu when we spoke a couple of weeks ago you indicated interest in taking steps to earn trust our trust and To me it hasn't happened today so far uh But rather you've ducked behind industry standards and comparable to your competitors Which we know are woefully insufficient um i strongly urge you to consider these terms these commitments Uh make the case for why you're different from your american competitors and do better on Than them on transparency which you've mentioned countless times today But which we don't really have anything tangible to point to Yes, I don't want to make excuses for our industry of ourselves. I think there's a lot of work that needs to be done We take this very seriously Nothing is but it's not perfect. We need to keep investing to stay ahead of our growth So I agree that you know, we need to prioritize safety and continue to do that as part of our company and well I look forward to getting back your comments and your commitments and those Those updated terms of service when you write back to the committee. Thank you, madam chair. I yield back General lady yields back Chair recognizes gentleman from north to coda mr. Armstrong five minutes. Thank you, madam chair You know, we've heard a lot today about the procedural safeguards independent code reverio server locations And the corporate independence between bite dance and the ccp But I think there's something else a little more telling You know when you were asked about Chinese censorship you pivoted immediately to drug use in singapore You have absolutely tied yourself and knots to avoid criticizing the ccp's treatment of the weager population And I think it begs the on it begs the first question before we ever get to project Texas which I'll get to in a section If the ccp demanded that bite dance hand over all of the data that they had on user on us users in their possession and died with bite dance refuse I wonder what would happen? I wonder if jack mom might have an opinion on that and I wonder if he'd be allowed to give it You Let's talk about project Texas for a second project Texas envisions a new us-based tiktok subsidiary You have stated that this arrangement is unprecedented I'd argue the reason it's unprecedented is because it requires continual oversight and monitoring by the u.s Of a private business because it poses a national security threat The new subsidiaries board would report to and be approved by syphias syphias will also specify hiring requirements as well as interact with oracle as it performs its data role That is an extraordinary corporate governance structure I have questions whether it complies with corporate law and fiduciary fiduciary duty to shareholders Yet the core concern is that the the pro proposes unparalleled integration with the u.s. government with a private company Which will require significant government resources All of that to allow a continued operation of a social media platform that has serious national security implications And syphias's workloads already dramatically increased in recent years with a 30% increase in declarations and a 45% increase in joint voluntary notices And there's bipartisan consensus that syphias needs to be expanded as we speak The only Mr. Chu can you identify any's a similar corporate arrangement that requires federal government to expand such resources to monitor and allow Data privacy and national security risk Congressman, I'm not an expert on this matter. I believe that there are certain similar arrangements, but I I'm not expert on this matter Well the only one I could find was the UK created the Huawei Cybersecurity Evaluation Center in 2010 to assess Huawei's tech and to detect malicious activity and guard UK's networks That's worked so well that the United Kingdom is now planning on kicking Huawei out of Great Britain You stated that tiktok has invested 1.5 billion dollars in project taxes Are you aware of any discussions or proposals that entail tiktok that entail tiktok funding or offsetting the cost of syphias role? Those discussions are I need to get back on you don't do specifics But I can tell you yes We did spend approximately one and a half billion u.s. All this on our side You spent one and a half billion dollars on project taxes But do you have any I mean you agree that if syphias takes on this role They're going to need a massive influx of dollars in human resources, right? I cannot speak on behalf of syphias congressman Should the u.s. Government expense such resources to create this extraordinary arrangement for tiktok especially considering a legit data privacy and national security risk Congressman, I cannot speak on behalf of the project Texas doesn't work without syphias Right project project syph project Texas as you guys have proposed it does not work without syphias involved The idea behind project Texas is the firewall of us user data Make sure it's stored by an American company overseen by American personnel And we will invite third party monitors to monitor this so That in essence at least as far as I know is the majority of the cost because it will rely on not just us building the infrastructure But us you know finding and hiring these third party monitors who are vetted to come in and monitor this structure You talked earlier about the shareholders Ownership of tiktok and you said 60 percent global investors 20 percent is employees in 20 percent is original founders Are all those voting shares the same? No, the founder has waited voting rights as this common in our industry So do as far as a voting block of share of zoned and by dance You know if the Chinese Communist Party not Chinese government Communist Party officials the Chinese Communist Party Do you know what their percentage of the actual voting block share of to of bite dances? The official Communist Party doesn't have voting rights in Take the bite dance Chinese Communist Party members is a different question I do the founders control the voting block of bite dances shares I do know that the founder himself is not a member of the The Communist Party but we don't know the political affiliation of our employees because it's not something we ask Does the Chinese government know the political affiliation of their Chinese citizens? I cannot answer their question on Debbie health. I yield back Gentlemen yields back yield to the lady from general lady from New Hampshire, Miss Kustler five minutes Thank you madam chair Mr. Tru I just want to say I agree with all of the comments of many of my colleagues today That we need to take a close look at whether tiktok poses a national security risk For today. I'm going to focus my limited time on how tiktok can better protect its youngest users And I think a number of us have identified as parents today and have serious concerns as we relate to you Just this week I heard from a parent in my district in Nashua, New Hampshire whose child was served harmful content on tiktok and has needed counseling as a result This experience is not unique to this family and it underscores the need for better child protections on your app I'd like to dig further into tiktoks current safety and privacy controls for children I understand that tiktok restricts certain app capabilities for users under age 18 And has additional restrictions for users under age 16 or 13 such as limiting who can interact with them on the platform However, these protections are worthless if any savvy child can easily bypass these age restrictions by deleting their own account And creating a new one with a different age and by easily I mean you can literally go in and open another account using the same uh email address So I've been made aware by child safety groups including fair play for kids and common sense That it is that simple for young users to bypass the age restrictions on tiktok Yes or no are you aware of this issue I apologize I think that's a great issue question that you raised If a user Imposientation is blocked my understanding is that if the user tries to do it again within a short period of time And I won't disclose In our office yesterday you can go right back in use the exact same email address and open a new account So can I get your commitment that you will at least fix that bug? I will go and have a look at it. Yes. Thank you um It we're here today to talk tiktok and not other platforms But I'm happy to look at legislative solutions In the interim tiktok has a responsibility to do more to protect its young users And I will accept your commitment to take a look at fixing that issue We you um Let's see Sorry, I recognize that tiktok is made efforts to provide parents and guardian Increased options to monitor and limit their child's activity on the app Including family pairing and time limit features But I still have concerns in order to access family pairing Parents then must download the app onto their phone And this sounds like a design to lure more users onto the app rather than a practical safety future Furthermore downloading the app may not be a viable option for many patients uh parents Mr. Chiu will tiktok commit to developing other methods for parents to monitor their child's use of the app without having to download the tiktok app on their phone I can look into that specifically and get back to you But the family pairing that you mentioned is is a very good tool that we develop I encourage parents with teenagers to it's not a perfect tool And let me just say one of my concerns is that um the minimum time limit tiktok lets parents set for their children is 40 minutes Which for a young child is a very long period of time Actually giving parents control would mean providing them the freedom to set the screen time That let make sense for their family now i've got a copy of the app page that shows Just the four options would you commit to adding an other option so that the parent Can easily set their own screen time limit I can take a look at that um i think it's important. I think parents are looking for control They're looking to Allow their family to use these apps without tiktok taking over Their child's media use I've heard reports of users struggling to access the feature and so i will look forward to Hearing back from you on adding an other so that a parent can add a custom limit So finally i ask that you commit to report back to this committee in the american public on how tiktok Addresses these safety issues and the steps that you are taking to default children's accounts to the most protective possible settings and with that madam chair i yield back Generally the yields back are yield to cherry yields to the gentleman from ohio five minutes mr. Balderson Thank you, madam chair. Thank you mr. Chen for being here today um i would like to start by Inserting into the record a report entitled tiktok bite dance and their ties to the chinese communist party Which was published by the austrian parliament just over a week ago if i could add that to the record please now objection so ordered Thank you madam chair mr. Chiu We know that your company's algorithm has been exposed for delivering videos to china that encourages them to develop eating disorders Promotes challenges that have caused children to accidentally commit suicide glorifies the use of drugs and pornography Despite the constant media coverage of this issue your company continues to feed our children This dangerous and harmful content Can you explain to parents back at my congressional district why it should be their burden and not tiktok's to set up that Guardian perennial controls for the children so that they do not view content Which is encourages eating disorders or committing suicide Congressman, I take this uh issues very seriously If the user is between is a teen issues on our platform We actually have a differentiated experience including certain models that we are building with experts to help identify Uh, certain content that's not inherently harmful but could Could lead people to the eating disorders Anything that glorifies eating disorders is is violated for our platform and we remove that and i want to show you that i take this very very seriously this commitment Okay Mr. Curtis my colleague mentioned the use of heating tool on your platform to make specific videos go viral or get more views This tiktok gives a cooling tool where employees can manually limit the amplification of content that tiktok should hide Like content that promotes eating disorders drug use or suicide among children The only promotion tool that we have is Approved by the local teams. I saw in the us by the us team and it's for commercial purposes like Like Taylor Swift, you know, I think when she onboarded we you know, she did it. Yes or now My i just want to make sure that i'm answering your question with specifics Um If this to exist why isn't it being used to cool then uh the spread of dangerous content I mean why is it still happening? The interest content has uh That violates we we remove them when we see them. We actually remove them from the platform Okay Uh the fact of the matter here is that despite whatever action you take the tiktok is taking to protect teams your algorithm continues for mode harmful content When you agree that indicates there is something inherently wrong with the algorithm your platform employees I do respectfully disagree with that um the algorithm drives a great user experience for many many users Well, I talked about stem content that has 116 billion views on our platform. I want one more example book talk It's a trend that happened on our platform is to encourage people to read and globally There has 115 billion views and it's fantastic. I felt people telling me that they are reading more because of book talk So there is a lot of good and joy and positive that can be derived from the tiktok experience Yes, there's some bad actors who come in and Post-violative content and it's our job to remove them but the overwhelming experience is a very positive one for our community But if the chair job to remove them has been said many times here today about the 41 days that that video stood up With addressing Mrs the chair woman after this I'm going to go and look into the specifics um of um of that All right. Thank you. Madam chair yield back General Neales back chair recognizes the lead from Texas misfletcher for five minutes Thank you chairwoman McMorris Rogers and thanks to ranking member Pologne for holding today's hearing and thank you Mr. Choo for appearing today It's been a long day, but we're here to learn about a complex set of issues that relate to tiktok and how to address them And I think that's what we're hearing from colleagues on both sides of the aisle today is a real effort to grapple with The challenges that we see for national security and for the safety and protection of American citizens Especially our children and young adults and we've already covered today a lot of um The the information about the extensive use of the app the number of users who are children and young adults But I think it bears repeating as mr. vc mentioned That tiktok is the preferred platform of young Americans and they use it for all kinds of creative and important things And we have seen that but there are also some dangerous things that we know it has and continues to be used for And that also that the data that's collected is posing additional dangers and that's that's what we're here for most people using tiktok do not realize that tiktok is collecting data About their keystrokes or about their browsing history on other sites and so much more And I agree with my colleagues that we need a comprehensive set of data privacy laws here in the country and we've heard some very good ideas Today Mr. Tree you've mentioned several times today that these are industry-wide Issues and I agree with you that there are industry-wide challenges here But there are also some specific things relating to tiktok that I want to focus my questions on and really want to understand Where there's a difference and how we can craft legislation that addresses the very real challenges that we've been hearing about today Um as you know states across the country have joined an ongoing investigation into possible violations of consumer protectors Section laws by tiktok as they pertain to tiktok's effect on the mental health of American children and teenagers As part of this investigation states have requested to review internal tiktok communications that takes place on Lark that's tiktok's primary instant messaging system is that right? Yes, okay, and does every tiktok employee have a lark account? It is very similar to companies that you slack or any other Instant messaging tool, but lark is a proprietary instant messaging tool. It's not slack Is something that was developed yet by by dance it was developed by tiktok no, it's developed by by dance is developed by by dance Okay, and so um couple questions stemming from that Is it true that lark video conferencing has a translation feature in which chinese is translated to english text and vice versa That is correct it helps with global inter Corp. Region okay, and um and those translated conversations are somehow saved into the lark system I would need to get back to you on the specifics um There is um You know, I'll get back to you on the specifics. Okay. That would be great to know and I neglected desk But does every tiktok employee have a lark account? Yes, i believe so yes including you. Do you have one? Yes, i believe so um and And then do you have a there's some kind of profile for your instant messaging system So every employee identifies their manager and and their department who they work for what they do is that all included in their lark profile You know, it's very common for companies to have Enterprise messaging tools that companies use It does and i guess i'm asking specifically about lark since it's specific to tiktok whether It includes information like identifying who for example your manager is Do you know whether that's something that's identified in lark? Yes, again, some of these hr features are built into a lot of enterprise tools that we use and yeah So like for your own profile, does it identify who your manager is yes, it does and who does it identify as your manager I report to the CEO of bydance okay, and so that is um Jean-nieming is that identified as your manager that's the former CEO he has Stepdown from the board and as the CEO yes, okay, so mr. Rubo is identified now as your manager on by on um Yes, the system okay And as you mentioned it was developed by bydance, so it's not just used by tiktok Employees it's also used by bydance employees is that right also by other companies now I think lark is selling it then it's um it's a good tool for instant messaging So lark is available to third parties outside of the bydance system as well yes And do you personally ever use lark to communicate with bydance With employees at bydance yes, I do okay um Well, i'm running out of time and i'm sorry to say because this is really interesting um I do think it underscores some of the concerns that have been raised in this hearing So I think it's clear we have work we need to continue to do here in the congress to adjust data protection and privacy and With that madam chairwoman, I thank you and i will yield back General lady yields back committee stands in recess and will reconvene immediately following the third vote being called You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You Being here, Mr. U.I. and one of six Texans on this committee. I'm over here. So when you invoke the name of Texas, you get my attention. Mr. U, when you were the CFO of bite dance, did the Chinese government structure on how content was to be moderated on doyin or TikTok? Yes or no? Sorry Congressman, would you mind repeating that question? When you were the CFO of bite dance, did the Chinese government structure on how content to be moderated was to be moderated on doyin or TikTok? I was not in charge of that. That's the CFO of bite dance. We have a discrepancy that reports have shown that TikTok accounts managed by media links to be a propaganda arm of the CCP, pushed divisive content before the recent midterm election. Mr. Xu, yes or no, has to your knowledge, has the CCP coordinated or utilized TikTok to influence users to algorithms, state-paid content creation or in any other capacity? No, they do not do that. We do not promote or remove any content on behalf of the Chinese government. You don't, but did the Chinese government do you have any knowledge of that? We do not do. Congressman, we have only one process of removing content on our platform. And the process is done by our content moderation team had quoted in Ireland and Dublin, sorry, Ireland and the US. And we will only remove content if it violates our guidelines. And that's something that we audit. Or if there's a valid legal order. So. OK. Several reports hearings and leaked internal documents have indicated that TikTok has repeatedly censored or de-amplified content that is critical Chinese Communist parties, party policies in the US and abroad. Are you aware of those reports? I don't think that's accurate, Congressman. Where are you not? Are you aware of those reports? There could be some reports to say that, but that action itself is not. But your testimony here today is that you can keep up with stuff and make it as clean as possible to quote unquote. Are you aware of those reports? I want to make it very clear that we, we had there is content on TikTok that's great and fun. There is content that's critical of China. And I want to be saying, are you aware of the reports citing that fact? Again, like I said, the fact is, if you go onto our platform, you will find content that is critical of China. Well, we're going to talk about that. Now, this committee is looking at reforming section 230 of the Communications Decency Act, which has already been mentioned here today. Do you think that censoring history and historical facts and current events should be protected by section 230's good faith requirement? Congressman, that is a more complex topic. I would need to speak to my team and get back to you on the specifics. Is your team behind you? It's my broader team. I would speak to them and get back to you. It's always good to have folks behind you, isn't it? Not them. Oh, OK, I got you. Here are my concerns with TikTok. Your claims are hard to believe. It's no secret to us that TikTok is still under the thumb of CCP influence. And let's be honest, TikTok is indoctrinating our children with divisive, woken, pro-CCB propaganda, all while threatening our national security with Chinese spyware. In fact, let me look at my notes here. You have an exchange with Anna S.U. And your exchange with Congressman S.U. You said that, quote, extreme fitness videos shouldn't be viewed too much. You remember that exchange here today? What extreme is videos? What is Anna S.U. out of California? I, any content that has extreme is content. It's not a loud and out platform. It would be, we identified them. But was that also true about the gun video that you saw today? Was that extreme content that should have been taken down? I would need to look at the specifics of the whole video. There was a bit of lag just now. We couldn't see the whole video. OK, you know what threatened our committee chair here? That is unacceptable. OK. So you're aware of that extreme video. And why did it take 40 plus days to get it down? Does it take literally an act of Congress? Should we plan to have a committee hearing every time, every day, every time there's something brought up so that we can limit the content on TikTok? Should Congress plan to do that, Mr. Schoo? Congressman, we work very hard to remove relative content on our platform. OK, well, let me move on. With Congressman St. Huston, he asked you about your wages and your stocks. And you said you prefer to keep that information private. Now you know how we feel about American public information. We prefer to keep it private, as well. We don't think TikTok does that. So Madam Chair, my time is up. And if this committee gets its way, TikTok's time is up. Madam Chair, if I may. Chairman, I respond to an earlier question. Chairman, I'm sorry. General's time has expired. Or yeah, Chair recognizes Mr. Ruiz from California for five minutes. Thank you, Chair Rogers. I echo my colleagues' concerns about TikTok's impacts on the health and well-being of the American public as a doctor and the ranking member of the select subcommittee on the coronavirus pandemic. I'm troubled that TikTok is right with medically inaccurate information, including dangerous misinformation and the intentional disinformation about COVID-19 and vaccines. TikTok's community guidelines state that the company will remove content or accounts that involve, quote, misleading information that causes significant harm, unquote. However, since the early stages of the pandemic, TikTok has been used as a platform for people pushing misinformation, disinformation, including by those casting doubt on the safety and efficacy of life-saving vaccines. And despite TikTok's pledge to address harmful misinformation, these videos are being viewed millions of times. For example, the Institute for Strategic Dialogue found that a sample of 124 TikTok videos containing vaccine misinformation were viewed 20 million times. And media matters found that a sample of 18 videos with COVID-19 misinformation were viewed over 57 million times. Here's another shocking study. The Journal of American Medical and Formatics Association found that when searching hashtag, quote, coronavirus on TikTok, almost 30% of the videos that came up contained misinformation. Videos in that sample containing a high level of misinformation were viewed a median of 9.4 million times. Mr. Schoo, why are these dangers videos falling through the cracks of your company's efforts to enforce its own community guidelines and remove harmful misinformation? Before I answer that, in my response to an olipotent representative, you're in mind? Mr. Schoo, you're in my time. Answer my question. I understand. If I would like to clarify. I'm clarified. I have five minutes. OK. In my time, you're in my time now. Answer my question. Yes. Any dangerous misinformation is part, we partner with third party experts to be able to identify and help us with subject domain expertise. And with the expertise that we recognize, we rely on those to develop policies, to recognize and remove conflict. Your efforts are have failed and they're dangerous. It's public health risks that you're putting millions of people's lives at risk for not being able to do a better job. And I'm concerned that TikTok's features make it user's uniquely vulnerable to the spread of this misinformation. For example, TikTok makes it extremely easy to reuse audio and videos to create content, which allows misinformation to quickly spread through the platform. And TikTok's algorithm to recommend videos means that a user viewing one video containing misinformation can easily result in their quote-unquote for you page becoming filled with videos containing similar misinformation. This is a dangerous feedback loop. So is TikTok taking any action to modify these features so that they no longer facilitate the spread of this misinformation or this misinformation feedback loop? Congressman, again, like I said, any dangerous misordist information, we work with third parties to recognize that and it's proactively removed from our platform. So it doesn't need to get into those loops at all. So I can go back and read you the data and the journal of American Medical Informatics, 30% of videos after searching for hashtag coronavirus had misinformation, almost one out of three, your third party and your company are missing almost one out of three misinformed videos. So you're telling me what you're doing. I'm telling you the data shows that you are grossly failing at that effort. The other question I have for you is a TikTok's is also in Spanish. And Spanish-speaking populations have been specifically targeted to misinformation when it comes to many aspects, especially medical misinformation. And as chair of the Congressional Hispanic Caucus, we reached out to you last Congress on this issue. So what is your intent or how does your team look like to address Spanish versus English? How many staff do you have focusing on Spanish versus how many staff do you have focusing on English misinformation? Congressman, I was like I'd explained just now. The Spanish-speaking population is very important to our platform. We do have a lot of Spanish-speaking moderators and we will continue to. How many Spanish-speaking staff versus English-speaking staff for misinformation do you have? I can get back to you on the specifics, but dangerous misinformation is moderated regardless of language. Not to the degree that it needs to be. We are, we can continue to work hard. When there's misinformation, people base their decisions that oftentimes put them at risk in exposures and their families at risk. And with the coronavirus, especially prior to the vaccines, the risk was their life. Thank you, real bad. Madam Chair, I would like to clarify something. In the follow-up question to Representative Dan's question just now, I misunderstood the follow-up about bite-dance buying on behalf of the Chinese government. My answer to that question should be a no because it came very rapidly. I just want to clarify that. Gentlemen's time has expired. Gentlemen are the chair. Chair recognizes gentlemen from Idaho, Mr. Fultz, for five minutes. Thank you, Madam Chairmen. Mr. Chu, we've been going a long time here by now and a lot of questions have been answered and a lot of them have not been answered. And primary thing I want to do is just share some thoughts with what I've seen learned today, been exposed to. First of all, I've got a compliment you on having a product that's impressive. It is a very influential tool. It is addictive and that's what you want users to be exposed to is something addictive and it is a data gathering masterpiece. So clearly, it's got the potential to sell products, connected like-minded people with that artificial intelligence capability in a viral, viral fashion, and perhaps spread information quicker, better than anything else that's been developed out there. Now, I'm just going to tell you, I'm not a subscriber, at least a willing subscriber. But probably in that database somewhere is my preferences with colorers or foods or who I've spoken to or what I've said are my favorite newspapers. I don't know. But that's available to be sold or given to whomever or whatever and the whatever is what bothers me. I'll use myself as an example again. If for whatever reason I became a target in this, I became somebody you didn't like and I know that'd be hard to believe because you got to like me. But let's say you didn't or a company didn't or for whatever reason I became an app target. That artificial intelligence algorithm could be shared or spread selectively. To a targeted audience that with negative information that maybe they has been paired up with that knowledge in that app to make me look really, really bad or to the converse. Same thing could be done to make me look really, really good. Here's a problem. It's someone else or some artificial intelligence algorithm that has inordinate power to subjectively combine strategic data with strategic audiences to shape whatever thoughts and news they want. And I've equipped it not even knowing it. Now process could apply to anyone or anything. There's the danger. It could be the president of the United States. It could be their kids. It could be a company. It could be a political party. It could be a news outlet. Anything could be targeted for that selective viral spread. Of just some information. Mr. Choo, this may be genius, but that doesn't make it fair. It doesn't make it good and it doesn't make it accountable. I wouldn't want my government to have that ability. I wouldn't want a company or a political party or my friend August here or my mother to have that capability. And I certainly don't want that to be accessible to anyone in China. Now there's no question it's got immense value. And as proof of that, you're here because this hasn't been a fun day. I know that. Hasn't been a fun day for us either. But I think it's a very important thing to be able to do. And I think it's a very important thing to be able to do. Artificial intelligence is difficult to manage once it's on auto cruise control and it's as we've talked about, nearly impossible to wall off data. I know the idea. No little bit about databases. I know a little bit about corruption of those databases. It's very difficult to wall things off. And unfortunately, there's this thing in called human nature where there's some dark components from time to time. There's always a temptation to monetize things or perhaps use some of these tools for nefarious purposes and they can have absolutely devastating consequences. So Mr. Shue, I'm going to wrap up my comments and just say that this is so attractive TikTok poses as a Mr. Rogers' neighborhood. But it acts like big brother. And that's got to stop. Madam Chair, are you okay? Well, the gentleman yield. Gentlemen yields back. Gentlemen yield. Oh, gentlemen yields. You yield to Mr. Morgan Griffith. I thank the gentleman for yielding Mr. Shue. Earlier, we had submitted into evidence the Tick-Tick, Bite Dance, and their ties to the Chinese Communist Party report that was filed as an exhibit last week with the Senate in Australia. If you have any comment, I'd like to get it on this paragraph out of their summary. Our research confirms beyond any plausible doubt that TikTok is owned by Bite Dance, Bite Dance, is a PRC company, and Bite Dance is subject to all the influence guidance and de facto control to which the Chinese Communist Party now subjects all PRC technology companies. We show in this report how the CCP and the PRC state agencies together the party state have extended their ties into Bite Dance to the point that the company can no longer be accurately described as a private enterprise. You keep calling it a private enterprise, but all the countries in the world are saying it's not a private enterprise, it's part of the Chinese Communist Party. What say you, sir, yes or no? Is it part of the Chinese Communist Party? Is everybody thinks, or are you still living in some mystical world? I disagree with many conclusions. You're living in the mystical world, I yield back. Gentlemen yields back. Chair recognizes Ms. The general lady from Minnesota Ms. Craig for five minutes. Thank you so much, Madam Chair, for yielding. Mr. Chu, I'm probably like a lot of parents who are also members of Congress out here. I know a number of us, when you testified earlier today, you mentioned that the over 35 segment was a growing group of potential users. As if over 35 is old, and I realize that my own children think that I'm ancient are four boys. But like a lot of us up here, we understand that there is some potential good, and of course, many of your influencers are doing what they're doing for all the right reasons. But one thing in your testimony you said a lot was safety. But as a mother and as a member of Congress, and as someone who is very concerned about drug use in our country, I was surprised that that didn't come up once in your testimony. No real reference to it here today. I've raised my concerns in general about social media platforms serving as an illegal marketplace for drugs in prior big tech hearings. And I plan to continue that focus during today's hearing. Mr. Chu, March 8, 2023 article in the Washington Post detailed the fact that TikTok has made little progress in combating the sale of illegal drugs on your platform. In fact, Colorado Attorney General Phil Weiser said that the funding drugs on platform like yours was nearly as convenient as using a phone to order a pizza or call an Uber. That same article mentions that law enforcement agencies have been frustrated by TikTok's lack of competition in the form of data sharing. In my view, TikTok has taken little action in response to this crisis. According to a May 2022 blog post from TikTok, it donated $125,000 or 0.001% of your 22 revenue to an anti-drug effort on your platform in the form of ad credits. You also redirected hashtag drugs, hashtag fentanyl, and other obvious hashtags away from posts selling drugs to a community resources page as if a teenager looking for drugs is going to look for them at hashtag drugs. Drug dealers have easily worked their way around this, using emojis and slang to communicate that they have drugs for sale. To this day, it is possible for anyone to log into your platform and acquire drugs and the consequences of that can be fatal. What are you doing to move past these token efforts to prevent teenagers from accessing drugs on your platform? As parents up here today, we may not understand everything about your platform. I'm not a tech guru. Many of us up here may not use exactly the right language, but we know when our kids are at risk, and our kids are at risk on your platform. So what are you going to do to move past these previous token efforts? We do take illegal drugs, content on our platform, very seriously. It violates our guidelines, it proactively identifies and moves them, and as you pointed out, if anybody searches for any drugs on our platform, we do point them to resources to help them with that. At the same time, we have also taken product changes. For example, we don't allow our under-16 users to use direct messaging, but we do. That was the trade-off here. We believe that it will protect these younger users from getting contacts from people trying to push illegal activities. We will continue to work on it. Again, no company can be perfect at this. This is Mr. Chu. With all due respect, the no company can be perfect. Has been used way too much today. I'm going to reclaim my time. Clearly in the three plus hours you've been before us today, what you're saying about Project Texas just doesn't pass the smell test. My constituents are concerned that TikTok and the Chinese Communist Party are controlling their data and seeing our own vulnerabilities. If you are an American company, we could look at your 10K. We could see who your shareholders are. The answer you provided earlier today, you'd rather not tell us what your compensation is or how it's derived. Well, no American CEO would like to tell us that, but they have to because they're an American company. What you're doing down in Texas, it's all well and good, but it is not enough for us to be convinced that our privacy is not at risk. How can you say that you're protecting American users' privacy with the CCP being so heavily involved with bite dance? It's not possible. China won't even carry your product. How is it that you can convince us that our privacy is not at risk? And more than that, our kids' privacy is not at risk in this country. In my opening statement? Thank you, Madam President. General, General Adys time is expired. We're going to have to continue on. Gentlemen from Georgia, Mr. Allen's recognize for five minutes. Thank you, Madam Chair, and thank you, Mr. Chief, for being here today. September 2021, the Wall Street Journal published an article titled How Tiktok Serves Up Sets and Drug Videos to Miners. This article gives a chilling depiction of the types of content that TikTok's algorithm is curating for our children. This article claims that your application served an account that was registered as a 13-year-old quote, videos about drug use. It referenced to cocaine, methodics, and promotional videos for own-line sales of drugs. The algorithm was also found to have delivered countless videos depicting quote, pornography, and other adult content. To the device of an account that was registered as a 13-year-old, could you please explain to the members of this committee and parents across the country why your company deems it acceptable for such inappropriate content to be prominently featured on a child's for you page? A lot of the content that you mentioned, Congressman, are violated of our own policies, and we don't think they're acceptable, and we remove them when we identify them. We take this very seriously. I mentioned this. This is an industry-wide challenge. We're investing as much as we can. We don't think it represents the majority of the users' experience on TikTok, but it does happen. Some bad actors try and come in and post some of this content, and we're doing our best to invest as much as we can to remove them. I would say you're not done enough. I have 14 grandchildren, Mr. Chair. You personally believe that such content is appropriate for minor children to consume? A lot of the content that you mentioned, like porn, for example, is not allowed in our platform. So no, I do not think they're acceptable for young people to consume. Earlier this week, Wall Street Journal published an article titled, quote, Tiktok's Chinese partner has another wildly popular app in the US. This app is called CapCut. It's a video editing tool to help users go viral on TikTok, while for obvious reasons, most of our attention is focused on TikTok and bite dance. Other companies and their applications are also continuing to exploit the privacy of Americans. TikTok, CapCut, Clark, FaceU, all of these apps are also controlled by bite dance and pros serious privacy concerns. In 2022, it was reported that top buzz, an international version of bite dance censored Chinese news app, was used to spread pro-China messages to Americans. When it comes to the data privacy of Americans, we must have a clear set of guidelines to ensure Americans' data is protected and not passed along to unknown third-party actors who could pose a threat to our security. I urge my colleagues to continue to work together to pass a national data privacy bill, not just one out of the House Energy and Commerce Committee, but also through the House of this Congress. It is the only systematic way we can address privacy concerns. Unfortunately, I've been given no reason to believe that TikTok does not pose a threat and cannot be trusted to follow our laws when they conflict with the desires of the Chinese Communist Party. Your firewall that you're talking about, if you had a bad actor in your, what you call your Texas initiative, could get through that firewall and send any information that they wanted to send anywhere direct to the, and to directly to the Chinese Communist Party. Would you deny that? Congressman, this risk that you talk about exists for every company, bad actors. I'm talking about TikTok, sir. In fact, the risk is lower for us because these... It is a risk, correct? The personnel will be vetted. So the risk is actually lower than most companies in the industry. Well, that is why we have to deal with your company and with that, Madam Chair, I owe back. Gentlemen, yields back. Chair recognizes gentlemen from California, Mr. Peters, five minutes. Thank you, Madam Chair. Mr. Chu, thanks for being here today. You know, your testimony discusses an effort your company has named Project Texas. And the investments your company has made in creating a firewall between the United States' user data and entities in China susceptible to influence by China's government. And with your company's recent announcement by CIFIUS, that CIFIUS has instructed TikTok to separate itself from bite dance or face a ban, TikTok's commitment to retaining this firewall is at a crossroads. So I want to ask you some questions about your company's long-term plans to ensure the safety and security of American data. And this for me is the crux of the concern for me about TikTok. First of all, does the Chinese government need to approve Project Texas for TikTok to agree to it? Congressman, we have designed Project Texas to move forward in the United States. This is something that we have described at length in the written testimony and in my opening statement, the firewall of American data, stored on American soil, by an American company, overseen by American personnel. This is designed to move forward in the United States. Does the Chinese government need to approve Project Texas for you to agree to it? We do not believe so. How is TikTok considering the future of Project Texas in the event of a sale or other ownership changes? Are there elements of the Project Texas that TikTok would change prior to? I cannot speak on this hypothetical or on potential owners who I cannot represent. Okay, you don't know. I don't know. Despite Project Texas' plan positive changes, it does include several broad exceptions that would allow large amounts of US user data to routinely leave the country. I don't want to know a little bit more about these exceptions, so I can understand whether Project Texas can live up to its promise protecting Americans user data. I understand that under Project Texas business data and public data will be permitted to regularly leave the United States. Is that correct? Almost all the data is under the... that's not public. It's under the definition of protected data. This accepted data that you mentioned, I can get back to your team on this, is really for interoperability purposes. To make sure that the business can still operate and American users are still getting the benefit of global data. Can you tell us a global platform? What data, where the data goes and how it's used by the company? It will travel outside of the United States, but I can get back to you on the specifics. It's data that doesn't... it cannot be used to identify users. It really is data that ensures the interoperability of the platform. I understand that. I think we would want... we would want to have some understanding of how we would distinguish that by definition and then also how it would be enforced. I can get back to you on those specifics. How is the US data used to promote certain content back in the United States market, for instance? I'm sorry. So... you have US data feed... Right. How... can you discuss... we can discuss where the data goes and how it's used by the company. How and at what points of data transferred to the US data feed the PRC developed algorithm used by TikTok? How would the data that you're talking about... We... TikTok does not... it's not available in... in China. The PRC developed algorithm used by TikTok. How does US data get fed by that? The US... the algorithm that leads to the US app is in the Oracle Cloud infrastructure and is trained by US and global data. Again, TikTok does not... it's not available in mainland China. How can we trust that these exceptions for project Texas won't be used by China's government or by foreign adversaries? We can... this is the fourth commitment, transparency, third party monitors, including the definitions of these exceptions and... You know, we can be very transparent on how they're used. Okay, I guess... I guess my question will be that you want to get back to me in writing. That's fine. But how we would distinguish between the data or interoperability that you suggest needs to be shared with what data would it be shared? It's... again, you know, it's... first of all, public data. It's not part of the protected data definition because public data is what users want to share globally. So if we post a video and you want someone in France to see it, just by definition it has to leave the United States. Otherwise, the world cannot see it. Now, there's certain aggregated and anonymized data sets that is useful for interoperability for advertising, for example. And that is part of what we are talking about. Right. I can get back to you on the specifics, but... I think we'd also want to know how it's anonymized and how... what oversight and enforcement we can count on. Okay, I can get back to you on specifics. Thank you. I yield back. Gentlemen, yields back. Gentlemen, from Texas, Mr. Flueger's recognized for five minutes. Thank you, Madam Chair. Mr. Chiu, I got to hand it to you. You've actually done something that in the last three to four years has not happened, except for the exception of maybe Vladimir Putin. You have unified Republicans and Democrats. And if only for a day we're actually unified because we have serious concerns. Does TikTok support good? I mean, does TikTok have platform for good? Just yesterday. I believe yes. Okay. Does TikTok support Vremus speech? Yes. It's one of the commitments I have given this committee. Do you personally support the first amendment? Congressman, I'm here to talk about it. How does the CEO of TikTok... I'm here to talk about TikTok. As a CEO of TikTok, do you support... I'm here to talk about TikTok. Thank you. Does TikTok support genocide? Again, Congressman, I'm here to talk about TikTok. TikTok support genocide. Does TikTok? No. Okay. Thank you. But I'll reclaim my time. I'm going to go to a video now. And it's from NS Cantor Freedom. And I'd like you to see NS Cantor Freedom who has spent his entire career post-MBA fighting against human rights violations within the Chinese Communist Party. I'll play this video, which highlights a situation that allegedly shows some human rights violations inside China. Please play. Mr. Chu, this was a video that was posted on TikTok by NS Cantor Freedom. Are you familiar with this basketball player? I'm not familiar with this specific stuff. You had this, but I can tell you that... Are you familiar with the player in this Cantor Freedom? Congressman, I'm not specific. Okay, you have to open TikTok and just search for this kind of content. It really exists. I've read the moderation policy. Let me just quote what you've talked about, content moderation. TikTok has a moderation policy, yes. We do have community guidelines. One of the guidelines says material that in the sole judgment of TikTok is objectionable. Is this an example banning NS Cantor Freedom? Is that an example of objectionable material inside the Chinese Communist Party in mainland China? We do not take down content simply because it's critical. He was banned one week after this video. We do not do that. If you need a note, go ahead. The note says he's not that. His account was taken off one week after. We can check on the specifics. We can check. Okay, so let's get to some other questions. Thank you for the slide. Your privacy policy states that you collect a great array of data. Keystroke patterns, app file names and types. Sometimes approximate location, GPS location. Are keystroke patterns and rhythms part of TikTok gathering the data that is gathered by Teix Hock? If you're talking Congressman, specifically about keystrokes. We do not engage in keystroke logging to monitor what they use to say. It's to identify bots for security purposes and this is a standard industry practice. You gather a lot of data. It's safe to say. We don't believe we get them more than any other social media company. TikTok gathers a lot of data because your value proposition as you set in my office and told me was to connect people to each other around the world. You told me this in my office. You gather data on what they like and what they don't like and then you show them things that they don't know they like. But eventually they may. You told me this. I don't think that's what I said. What I said is that we connect people together. Yes. We're going to be checking those. That doesn't mean that we collect more data. Are you aware of any instances of TikTok distributing content from Chinese state media? I'm sorry. Are you aware of any instances of TikTok distributing content from Chinese state media on the platform? We will label them clearly to follow users to understand that. Do you disagree with FBI director Ray and NSA director in the Cassone when they said that the CCP could have the capability to manipulate data and send it to the United States? Do you disagree with their statement? The statement says could. So do you disagree with that? No, I don't disagree with that. Okay, so it is possible that the CCP under the auspices of bite dance, which is your parent company, which you get paid from, has the ability to manipulate content that is being shared with 130 million Americans. Yes. Congressman, I watch this one make sure I'm understanding all these questions. I don't disagree with them that data risk in general. That's what I meant. There's a big data risk because on us specifically. Are there engineers located inside mainland China that work on TikTok? Not Doijen, but TikTok. We are not the only company that has that. Are there engineers inside mainland China currently working on the algorithm for TikTok? Congressman, like I said. As you told me, there are other companies that I told you in your office. By the way, I'm going to reclaim my time. Please rename your project. Texas is not the appropriate name. We stand for freedom and transparency. And we don't want your project. I yield back. Gentlemen yields back. General, ladies and gentlemen, I'm sorry. Thank you. Thank you. Madam Chair and thank you, Mr. Chupurian here today. Both President Trump and now President Biden had back forcing TikTok to sell to an American company. However, the Chinese Communist Party has put export controls on algorithms, Biden's own, that power TikTok. And of course, this has created a gauntlet of regular to worry hurdles in China and the US that prevented the sale of TikTok. Now, as a long time business owner, I want to tell you, Mr. Chupurian, that waiting until your hands are forced will only drive down the price of your app. And right now, both your hands are tied. And you're going to have to make a decision about whether you choose freedom from the CCP or you continue to be an agent of the CCP. And I'll tell you why I say it that way. As a former member of Homeland Security, a point blank asked, FBI Director Ray, is TikTok a national security threat. And without hesitation, sir, he looked at me and said, yes, Congresswoman, it is. Now, how much data is Biden's collecting through TikTok that's worth continuing to fight this regulatory gauntlet? Why not take the money and run like any other company would do? Congresswoman, we built project taxes in order to safeguard and we listened to the concerns they have been raised and we're building something that's unprecedented. There are no other companies offering to protect you as user interests. And we believe it is rigorous and robust. And we're even offering third-party transparency and monitors to comment to verify this. Frankly, I haven't heard any good reason why this doesn't work. I've heard a lot rhetoric around this, but I haven't heard a good reason why it doesn't work. Well, look forward to these conversations, by the way. Absolutely. Well, let me go down this road. When TikTok was unveiled to the public, its business model was solely based on generating revenue from advertising. Of course, bot dance operated a separate app called Dooyen for the Chinese Marketplace. TikTok is embarking on becoming a so-called super app. In other words, it's one stop shop with everything you do as represented culture said. It's reported that TikTok's algorithms are so powerful that owner to bite dance has begun to license it to other companies. TikTok's recommendation engine drives usage on the platform and this leads to promises of quick exposure and fame that leads to even more people joining. When you sign up, TikTok starts collecting data about you, your location, your gender, your age, your facial data. The user never gets to the end of the content, and that's by design. Obviously, that makes you a lot of money. I know that the Chinese Communist Party is preventing bite dance from selling TikTok due to export restrictions on the technology, and this causes me to question, how are you going to power TikTok? With your Oracle servers located in the US with that Texas project, with bot dance technology, if it can't leave China, how's that going to happen? I just want you to explain how it's going to happen. Congressman, the way that we design this is so that any piece of software that is impactful to the code that enters, you know, that some technical details around this will be reviewed by a third party or a few third party monitors, just to make sure that we're all comfortable with the code. I want to say this again. I don't know of any other company in my industry who is offering this level of transparency. Why are there two different versions of apps, one in China and one in the United States? It's just a different business. Well, I think we all know the reason that the Chinese get a different version because bite dance puts China first in America last. And, you know, TikTok has, with everything we've heard today, sir, when you see 13-year-olds, 16-year-olds, you see the degradation that's happening to our youth and our society. You know, it's deceptive and it's destructive comment. And it's comments. And the worst thing is that it's deliberate, sir. And that's not acceptable. And with that, Chairwoman, I yield back. General Lady Eels back. General Lady from Iowa. Ms. Miller makes. Recognized for five minutes. Thank you, Madam Chair. And just like to thank our witness, Mr. Chu, having been in the hot seat, so to speak, before when I was in the state senate, I know how challenging this can be. And thank you for your demeanor throughout all of this. But certainly, as you can see, in a bipartisan way, we have concerns, and those concerns are valid. And this is a yes or no question. Does TikTok track users' individual keystrokes? Only for security purposes, for, like, for example, like detecting bots, but we don't monitor what users say. So the only purpose that you would monitor keystrokes is for security purposes. I can get back to you on most specifics, but this is not unlike what many other companies in the industry does. So the keystroke monitoring does not go beyond what common industry practice in comparison to platforms like Facebook or Instagram use. Yes, I believe so. Okay. And does TikTok keep records of users' credit cards and passwords? I'm not aware of that. You don't need that to log in. Of course, I can get back to you on specifics if you make a transaction on an e-commerce platform. But regardless, all that US data will be stored within the project Texas firewall. You know, within the Oracle Cloud Infrastructure and overseen by American person. So you would store credit card and password information? I need to check on the specifics. We are launching a pilot e-commerce plan, and we're making sure that that data is very secure within the Oracle Cloud Infrastructure. I think you've made a point of saying that your platform is not different than other platforms on social media. And therefore, are no more responsible than Facebook or Instagram or Twitter or in the other social media platforms. The concern, however, comes with where the technology is generated and whom it is owned by. And in the case of other companies, it is generated in the US under US guidelines, under US privacy laws, with certain parameters versus generated through a parent company, bite-bants, which, as we know, is susceptible to the laws of the Chinese Communist Party, which has access to all of that data and information. And I understand that TikTok has just reinstated Ennis Cantor's account recently. So our concern, and the question I have for you is, why would China or the Chinese Communist Party be opposed to a forced sale of TikTok? I cannot speak on behalf of the Chinese government. I can say that we designed Project Texas to take it forward here in the United States. And again, I believe in office, I'm president of the protection for US user data. Yeah, I think the problem is when there is a lack of transparency, then that leads people to believe that there's something more nefarious and that there is, in fact, data that is captured, is stored, and poses a risk not only to children in the United States, but also poses a risk national security. With that, I yield the rest of my time to my colleague, J. Obernolte. Thank the gentleman from Iowa for yielding. Mr. Chu, I'd like to continue our discussion about Project Texas and the technical details about what you're proposing to do. So you are migrating all storage of US user data to the Oracle Cloud infrastructure, and you think that that will be done by the end of the year. Was that right? Again, I can get back to you on the technical parts of it. The migration, today by default, all US-new US data is stored by default. I'm just using what you said in your testimony in your opening here. It is stored there by default. What I said in my testimony is I'm deleting legacy data. That's the thing. When this migration is complete, who will have access to that data? Right now, a team called TikTok US data security that by American personnel, we have access to that. We have began this operations already. Okay, but the app itself has access to the data, correct? Only through them. Any employees that have that data are... What I mean is, if I lose my iPhone and I reinstall the app, and I put in my username and password, my app will reconnect to the mother ship and download some of that data. That's not the way it works. No, that's not the way it works. It will go through the Oracle infrastructure and that team. That looks after this. Yes, I realize that. So let me ask you this. What would prevent then someone with the tail-technical knowledge of the way the app is constructed from creating an almost identical version of the app that could also access that data? Yes, we are giving you third-party monitors and transparency. What they're monitoring the source code for your app? I mean, by dance, these engineers have been working on this app for years. What would prevent them from making an app? Could also access that data. Congressman, I think we're going into the area where, you know, what if there's a hacker? What if there is this? This is a common industry problem, as you know. Well, I mean, I see my time has expired. It illustrates the point. Okay. I'm just skeptical that your technical needs will do. Gentlemen, time has expired. General, ladies, time has expired. Mr. Chu, I recognize that we have run over. I appreciate your time. We have just a few members left and would appreciate the chance for them to get to answer or ask their five minutes worth of questions. Gentlemen, from Virginia, Mr. Griffiths has recognized for five minutes. Thank you very much, Madam Chair. Mr. Chu, you share legal counsel lawyers with bite dance. Yes or no? Yes, we do. And you testified that you prepared extensively with your legal team for this hearing. Yes or no? With my team in DC, including some of your legal counsel. Yes. And did they tell you about the report to the Australian Senate of March 14th that I referenced earlier? Did they tell you that that report was out there? Yes or no? I cannot recall how I found out about the report. But you know about the report. I can check it. Okay. And did they tell you to favorably cite the Citizens Lab and your written testimony today? Yes or no? Congressman, I need to get back to your specifics. They helped you with the preparation of your written statement, though, didn't they? A team prepares, yes. Yes. And did they tell you that the director of Citizens Lab says he has called out your company for misrepresenting their report repeatedly and did so as ladies yesterday? Did they tell you about that? Yes or no? Congressman, the Citizens Lab is saying they cannot prove a negative, which is what I've been trying to do for the last four hours. All right. But you cited it favorably as saying that it did positive things for you. That being said, let me ask you this. You keep talking about transparency. But you haven't been transparent with us here today. You were asked earlier by Mr. Hudson if you own stock in bite dance. You said you didn't want to reveal that. Well, we're trying to figure out what the ties are between bite dance and TikTok. I'm not going to ask you how many shares you own, but do you own shares in bite dance, sir? Yes or no? All right. There you go. How about in TikTok? Right now, all employees own shares in bite dance. I expected that. I just don't understand why you didn't tell Mr. Hudson that. And we're transparent earlier. Instead, you made us drag it out of you. All right. Now, let's talk about the kids. You told several of our folks that there was a 60-minute deadline. You also told us that if you were under the age of 18, you couldn't access the live section, the live option. So I texted my 17-year-old and my 15-year-old. And I basically got scoffs back. Scoffs. When I said, are you all limited to 60 minutes? My older son said, well, there is a notice I get from time to time that says I shouldn't be on more than 60 minutes, but I'd never has kicked me off. And my younger son said, oh, I'm on as long as I want to be. So I'm just informing you, whoever told you, particularly if it was your legal team, that that's not accurate, that they're on for more than 60 minutes. And they can access the live section. I believe it was Mr. Carter that she said they couldn't under 18 access the live, you know, being on live section. He's done it. So whatever it is you think you're doing, you didn't get done. Now, let's talk about the law for a minute. You shared legal team. But you keep talking about how you got a firewall between you and bite dance. You can't have an effective firewall under the United States interpretation of such. If you're sharing legal counsel because anything that you say to your legal counsel, they can share internally. You've got the same lawyers. Now, maybe you have two different teams of lawyers in the law firm, but that's not what you said to us today. You said you share lawyers. There is no firewall legally. I'm just telling you. So if you want to clean it up and be transparent, you need to do something about that. Wouldn't you agree? Yes or no? You need to do something about that. You're looking into it. You're looking into it. You've been looking into it all the time. All right. You told Dr. Burgessman asked if your employees, if your employees who were members of the Chinese Communist Party had access to TikTok data from the US, you said you didn't know who was a member of the Communist Party. But then Congressman Walberg said that the CEO of TikTok was not a member of the Chinese Communist Party. And to Congressman Kelly, you said the founder of TikTok was not a member of the Communist Chinese Party. Sir, either you know who isn't a member of the Chinese Communist Party or you don't, which one is it? I submit that you know and you just aren't giving us the straight story. Clearly, you know, but you denied that to Congressman Burgessman. I can ask one or two people, but we have no policy to ask them please. I can ask one or two people, but who are in kind of a reason? But it's reasonable to assume that with a significant number of members of the country, of China being members of the Chinese Communist Party, logic would tell us, you're a logical man, I assume. Logic would tell us that there are a fair number of your employees who are members of the Chinese Communist Party, at least a dozen or so who have access to this data, isn't that so? Again, like I said, I can ask one or two people, we don't have a policy that has everything. I said earlier, you're living in some kind of a cloud world, because either you know or you don't know, I yield back. Thank you, man. Gentlemen from South Carolina, Chair recognizes for five minutes Mr. Dunc. Thank you Madam Chair. I think what's been revealed, there's not a degree of separation between bite dance and TikTok. I'd like to enter in the record Heritage Foundation document, TikTok Generation, a CCP official in every pocket. Without objection, so ordered. And I'd like to be able to bounce my time to Kelly Armstrong from North Dakota. Thank you Madam Chair. I'd like to introduce to you the TikTok privacy policy details extensive data collection on users. One line states that we may collect information about you from other publicly available sources. What publicly available data is TikTok collecting and adding to the profiles of users? It will be publicly available, but I can get back to you in specifics. Okay, what is the purpose of obtaining even more data on your users beyond the data collected from the platform? We collect data, we want to give our users by the way, a lot of transparency on what data we collect, we give them choices on the controls of their own privacy settings. And it really is to serve them a better experience. This is the reason why so many people love the app, it's a great experience. So how does the non-tikTok related data service provide, relates to the service provided? I need to check the specifics and understand the question and get back to you. Do you think the average TikTok user knows that you are and understands that TikTok's data collection extends to information outside the use of the app? We do give transparent information on this and like I said, I don't believe we collect more information than most of the social media platforms out there. And the reason I asked this is because I'm going to go back into the corporate structure. You described that TikTok is a subsidiary of bite dance. Mr. Griffith just said that you guys share the same lawyers. You have stated that your direct report is the CEO of bite dance, but you've also stated that at certain levels, TikTok operates without direct daily control from bite dance. You have used content moderation as an example for that. TikTok's privacy policy states that you may share user data within your corporate group. Does that corporate group include bite dance? If you are talking about that one entity that has the share for Chinese media licensing purposes, I think it's called Beijing To-In Services. If you're talking about that entity of the government share, the answer is we have cut off all access of US data sets to that. So employees of the entity. But your user privacy, so your corporate group, bite dance is part of your corporate group. Bite dance is the top company. So yeah, what you're talking about, the other entities within the group. So you just testified that you fire while this. So you're saying the TikTok's executives that operate independently of bite dance, but does that statement not hold for sharing of access to data? Well, I was talking about that one entity that has many of you have raised some concerns. That's the entity that I'm talking about. The entity with the Chinese government's investment that is for the purpose of Chinese internet licensing for the Chinese business. Let me ask you a different way. What other entities have access to TikTok user data? Well, after Project Texas, we're going to move it so that only TikTok user data security has control the access of that data. Okay, so and we could bring you back either in after Project Texas is done, but right now what other entities have access to TikTok's user data? Only by requirement is really only by requirement. Certain employees may use may need to require some access of data to help build the product. But for us, you know, we have moved it for Project Texas and by the end of this year will be by a wall the way. But this is your privacy policy today. Like I understand what you're telling us what's potentially going to happen in the future. I have concerns again about syphias and government involvement, private organization, all of that. This is your user agreement today. So your user agreement says that you share access with your corporate group. You're telling me what's going to happen whenever Project Texas gets done. I'm asking you today, who has access to TikTok's user data? You know, user agreement, you know, privacy policy. We also edit a link so that users in the US can be informed about Project Texas. The link is there. So the link is there to private, but I understand what you're trying to do moving forward. I have my own concerns about that. But we're sitting here today in a hearing and your privacy, your privacy policy is different than your testimony. Your privacy policy specifically says that you can share user data within your corporate group. So you're saying even though your privacy policy says that you're not doing it. Like I said, I don't think there's any contradiction here. So I think that Project Texas when it's done, we file all of that data. We still have some legacy data in Virginia and Singapore that we started deleting and will be done by the end of this year. So at the end of this year, then you won't share it. Does that mean you're sharing it today? I don't believe so, but there is some data. Why haven't you changed your privacy policy? Why haven't you updated it? We did update it and we gave our users more information on Project Texas. We did update it. Oh, sorry. Gentlemen yields back. Gentlemen from Texas. Chair recognizes for five minutes. Mr. Crenshaw. Thank you, Madam Chair. Thank you, Mr. Chu for bringing Republicans and Democrats together. Appreciate that. I want to get right to the critical point of concern. So Tiktok is able to collect massive amounts of personal data. We all know that. That means it could, if it desired, to use this data to influence narratives and trends, create misinformation, campaigns, encourage self-destructive behavior, purposely allow drug cartels to communicate freely and organize human and drug trafficking. And to be fair, all social media companies could do that. Here's the difference. It is only Tiktok that is controlled by the Chinese Communist Party, all these other social media companies, are not. Mr. Chu, do you agree that Tiktok is controlled by the CCP? No. Okay. I thought you'd say that. I disagree, as you thought I might say. Here's why I disagree. Your parent company is bite dance, right? That's correct. It is correct. So many of the workers who work at bite dance are Communist Party members, right? I wouldn't know. Well, I think for example, though the chief editor at bite dance, Zhang Boop-Hing is the Communist Party secretary, correct? He works on the Chinese business, not on Tiktok. Right. He works for bite dance. The parent company. Works on the Chinese business. Right. The parent company of Tiktok. The Chinese business is called the wind. Yeah, but it's all associated with bite dance, right? So bite dance owns a number of businesses. Right. You all report to bite dance. Everybody's part of bite dance. Okay. And do you know of any other employees that work for bite dance that are part of the Chinese Communist Party? Like I said, you know, they are bite dance has owns Chinese businesses and they operate in China. You don't know how many, but you acknowledge many must be card-carrying members of the CCP, right? In the Chinese business, yes. I mean, the CCP holds a what's called a golden share invite dance that allows the CCP to control one board seat invite dance. That's public. That's not correct. It's not correct. It's been publicly reported. They admit it to it. You can on our website, we have updated it so we can give people more transparent information on this. They have a share in a subsidiary that is only for the Chinese business. There's nothing to do with Tiktok. And it's for the purposes of content licensing in China. So there's not an internal CCP committee, which is a regular thing that happens in China. They have a CCP committee internally inside the company. I run Tiktok. I cannot represent this business. I'm about bite dance. No arrangement and bite dance. Here's the main point of concern. China's 2017 national intelligence law states very clearly that, quote, any organization or citizen shall support, assist and cooperate with state intelligence work in accordance with the law and maintain the secrecy of all knowledge of state intelligence work. In other words, bite dance. And also your Tiktok employees that live in China, they must cooperate with Chinese intelligence whenever they are called upon. And if they are called upon, they're bound to secrecy. That would include you. So Mr. Chu, if the CCP tells bite dance to turn over all data that Tiktok is collected inside the US, even within Project Texas, do they have to do so according to the Chinese law? Congressman, first I'm Singaporean. That's fine. But there are employees of yours and bite dances in China. We understand this concern. In my opening statement, we said, we hear these concerns. We didn't try to avoid them or, you know, trivialize them. We built something where we take that data and put it out of reach. This is what we did. We put it out of reach. But they own you. We put it out of reach by by dancing by dance owns Tiktok. If bite dances to and the CCP owns bite dance because the CCP owns everybody in China. So by law, they can make them do whatever they want. And they say that by law, you can't tell anyone about it. So they can make you hand over that data. Is that correct? Data is stored here in American soil by an American company. We taught that but leaked audio from 80 internal Tiktok meetings shows that US user data has been repeatedly asked to do. And it has been repeatedly accessed from China when you said it hasn't been. And here's the other thing following back on my colleagues line of questioning. In your own privacy policy, it says that you may share information within your so-called corporate group. Is bite dance part of that corporate group? If you're talking about the share of the entity with the share, like I shared with the previous... Is bite dance part of the corporate group? Bite dance as a holding company is part of the corporate group. So your own privacy policy says you have to share data with bite dance. And if the CCP says, hey, bite dance, you're going to do what we say. You can't tell anyone about it because by law, according to that 2017 national intelligence law, they have to do it. That's our concern. Maybe haven't done it yet, but my point is that you might have to. And that's where our concerns come from. I mean, over 300 Tiktok employees have worked for China's state run propaganda media. That's just from looking at their LinkedIn profiles. Okay, so my last point is this. I want to say this to all the teenagers out there and then Tiktok influencers who think we're just old and not a touch and don't know what we're talking about trying to take away your favorite app. You may not care that your data is being accessed now, but it will be one day when you do care about it. And here's the real problem with data comes power. They can choose what you see and how you see it. They can make you believe things that are not true. They can encourage you to engage in behavior that will destroy your life. Even if it is not happening yet, it could in the future. The goal of the Chinese Communist Party is the demise of the American power. And that starts with our youth. At any moment, they could demand that all of Tiktok's data be used to design an AI algorithm with the sole purpose of promoting Chinese interests and destroying our society from within. You want to know why that's Democrat? Why that's, I mean, Democrats and Republicans have come together on this. That's why we are so concerned. Thank you, and I yield back. General Maniel's back. I remind the members they have 10 business days to submit questions for the record. And I ask our witness to respond to the questions promptly. Pursuing to committee rules, I ask unanimous consent to enter the documents from the staff list into the record without objection. So ordered. Members should submit their questions by the close of business on April 6th without objection. The committee is adjourned. The committee is adjourned. The committee is adjourned. Thank you. You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You